maybe you can draw a clue from my username, but i worked as an assistant manager for a retail store that sells clothing for plus-sized women. for the most part, i did my job well and the customers loved me. i was a poor performer when it came to getting customers to apply for our store card, however. the store was not in a great neighborhood and it was a recession. i didn't push the card, and my evaluations always reflected that i was a poor performer. the regional manager always made it known that he didn't like me because of this problem i had with getting people to apply. our store was also under scrutiny for having high loss (shoplifting). the store manager and the other assistant store manager were bffs. they always made their quota for credit card applications. i later found out they had a pool of social security numbers and names that they constantly reran applications with. they were cheating the system and basically making me look like crap in the process. just before july 4th, i got a text message from the store manager asking if i had put a blouse in the back to save for a later purchase. she sent a pic of the top. i told her no, it wasn't mine. the store manager then had pics up of her at a 4th of july bbq wearing the top on facebook. the store manager was always super broke. she didn't have a car, she had too many kids, she lived on state assistance. when i got to work i decided to see if the transactions showed that she bought the top. she didn't. i was furious. the company always sent loss specialists to our store to ask us if we were stealing and i hated those interviews. i emailed the head loss guy for the company and gave him screen shots of everything: the text messages, the facebook pics, the inventory screens. she was fired. i also exposed the social security number scam they were running to meet their quotas but it turns out they knew about it and were deciding what to do. in the end, i was made very uncomfortable and i quit. it turns out the regional manager was made to look really dumb and he already didn't like me.i used to work for a company that was terrible about promising the moon and then dropping the responsibility for delivering it squarely on me. they promised customers hardware features that nobody in the industry offered. then they'd dump it in my lap and say, "make it happen". then the salesman who sold it would scream bloody murder, over things taking twice as long to install than they budgeted for. when you sell people things that don't exist yet, don't be surprised when it takes a tad longer than the handy spreadsheet corporate sent you says it will take. it really ate into their commission, so some of them wised up and would consult me before bidding a job with anything weird. one guy just never got the message. he did it over and over again, without so much as a "thank you", for bailing him out. i did my job, and i took pride in it, but one day he had the temerity to complain to our parent company about my open disdain for their lack of quality. it was no surprise to them as i was always ranting to their quality control people over stupid crap that they shipped out. i'm talking about receiving stuff with half the components falling off the board, because that half of the board hadn't been soldered properly. other things would come in, with parts missing, or the motor running backward, etc. of course all of them had quality control stickers on them claiming that they had passed some inspection or other. so far as i could tell the only way some of them would have passed even a visual inspection would have been if they were using satellite imagery. on most jobs, 4 out of 10 devices failed on initial power up. of the remaining 6 more than half would fail in the first year of operation. i'm a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to my work and this always upset, and embarrassed me. the conversation started over him trying to blame me for the number of warranty claims. he insisted that i must not be grounding things properly. nevermind every branch of the company was having the same trouble. i do admit to going on a bit of a tirade, but i was beyond fed up at this point and didn't really care whether i got fired or not. i take pride in my work. turd polishing is not something i signed up for, nor do i tolerate it quietly. especially when the company hasn’t given anyone a decent raise in almost five years. mr. letsblametheguy whosavesmybacon had just sold another real science project that involved field modifying our equipment to add a feature that it was never intended to have. meanwhile 6 different companies had equipment that had to be cajoled into playing nice with our stuff, and each other. of course on jobs like that, the final connections and making everything work together always gets overlooked when contracts are drawn up. you always end up with everyone arguing that they aren't responsible, and trying to push it off onto everyone else. it quickly escalates up the chain of command. well this time was no different. when i called to get him involved, he texted me back saying he "didn't have time to deal with it". he was heading out for a 3 week vacation starting that friday and had more important things to do. in the end, all i could get out of him, was "i don't care how, you do it, just make it happen!". normally i'd have pushed the issue, but for once i didn't. i meekly did what i was told and, "made it happen." i never once slacked off, but let me tell you, after a month of 70 hour work weeks, those jobs had some of the best documentation and the prettiest wiring harnesses i've ever made. nobody had to argue about a thing. every time another company pawned their scope of work off on me, i "made it happen", and documented my time meticulously. i even took the progress photo's he was supposed to submit, and submitted them. he never saw a dime of that commission. 120 hours of overtime that you failed to budget for, will kinda do that. edit: forgot to include the tl;dr tl;dr salesman drops a huge,job for equipment that doesn't exist in my lap right before going on a 3 week vacation. his only instructions were "make it happen". well... i made it happen by working so much overtime that my labor ate up his entire months commission. so i got to claim 120 hours of overtime and he didn't get paid that month. i grow weed for a living, and in this business we tend to hire by invitation only. when i first started, i was invited by a "friend" and for the sake of anonymity we'll call him jason. since i had to quit my part-time job, quit school and travel out of state for this opportunity, jason let me live with him and his girlfriend while he was supposedly "showing me the ropes." for nearly two years straight, i went to work with jason every single day, including holidays. we would hop into his loud, obnoxious, cop-magnet of a car (what we were doing wasn't exactly legal) and drive to each grow site, which took anywhere from a few hours up to an entire day if we had to harvest. in two years, jason taught me nothing. he delegated all the hard work to me, and blamed me for anything that went wrong even though we basically had the same responsibilities. our boss had already fired a couple of guys because they couldn't get along with him. i refused to let that happen to me, because i knew the marijuana industry was getting bigger, and i was determined to get my piece of the pie. for two years straight, i put up with his shit, kept my mouth shut, worked incredibly hard, and essentially risked my life with this asshole while teaching myself how to grow good weed. i could go on forever about the things this fucktard did, but you get the point. luckily, my boss was paying attention, and offered me a partnership in california, where i'm originally from. this was the big leagues of the marijuana business, and my time had come. jason was forced to maintain the operation out of state for another six months until he eventually asked for the same deal. he was now a partner as well. things got out of hand fast for jason. his abilities as a marijuana grower were becoming more apparent with each crop. the yield kept getting lower. his place always seemed to look improperly maintained. he couldn't keep track of what he was doing over the course of several weeks, and we would have to figure out solutions to his problems. after another year of this nonsense i decided enough was enough. i devised a plan to subtly plant the idea in my partner's mind that jason was embezzling. i told a close friend to keep an eye on him for me and let me know what he does, since she hangs out with his girlfriend every now and then. i would hear stories about jason going to music festivals, and then exaggerate the cost of the tickets (not that i really had to since they're expensive as fuck anyway) and i would even suggest that he went partying some nights even when i knew he didn't. and with each little drop of poison to jason's name i added into my partner's ear, there would be a phone call made to jason about progress at work, which usually led to a heated conversation about his usefulness to the company and other shortcomings. i went at this for months, until he finally agreed that jason should be kicked out of the business. i felt like andy dufresne escaping shawshank after having just crawled through a river of shit. as an added bonus, my partner was entitled to half of jason's equipment after we kicked him out, about $7000 worth... all of which was offered to me for free. **tl;dr** lazy dumbfuck is a constant pain in the ass while i'm a lowly employee; i become my own boss and start a chain of events that leads to his subsequent unemployment. edit: i think i have to remind everyone that it is legal to grow marijuana in california depending on where you live. and although marijuana possession and cultivation is still a federal crime, i think reddit would agree that those laws will inevitably change.about 15 years ago, i had a horrible boss. this guy was an asshole, and liked it. it went beyond being demanding or easy to anger. he actually took pleasure in trying to humiliate and belittle everyone in every single conversation he had with them. he was a director, and let it go to his head. this guy would demand you do something, and when you did it, demand to know who told you to do it. and when you said it was him, he would smile and threaten your job. i avoided him as best i could. however, at one point a posting in another state opened up and i wanted the job. i asked for, and was given said posting. i was told to be in that state in two weeks. i broke the lease on my apartment and paid the difference. my wife quit her job. we went out there on our own dime and found a place to live. two days before we were set to move, i get the call. it's the asshole boss. "don't bother going out there, i have decided to eliminate the posting.". i was livid. my life was totally interrupted, and when i complained i was told i had an attitude problem. i stewed for a few days, but then found a position at another company in the state i wanted to be in, and moved out there anyway. i came to find out that eventually, this asshole director took another job at the competition. all went well for awhile, but then he got greedy and began negotiations with yet another company...using his corporate email address. like a fucking idiot. they obviously found out, and fired his ass. but the icing on the cake was that the other company he was talking with never gave him the job after all...so there he was, jobless. this was pleasure enough for me. total schadenfreude. through a friend who knows the asshole, i found out that he never seemed to get a job after that. 6 months went by..then 12...then 18...then 2 years...then 4 years...he got poorer and poorer. his hot wife left him and took his children with her. he was sleeping in an empty house, which was eventually foreclosed and he got kicked out of it. at this point, things get fuzzy because even my friend didn't know where he was. he may have been in the street. he may have moved in with his aging mother. meanwhile, my own career had been on an upward arc, and i was climbing higher up that corporate ladder. it wasn't long before his resume ended up on my desk. it's a small industry. normally, i would have tossed out his application because everyone and their mother in this biz knew he was caught courting the competition on the company dime. his reputation as a total ass was well known. and the job he applied for was low level. i mean, 10 bucks an hour low level grunt work. he was a former director at 6 figures, and now was willing to work shitty work at a shitty wage just to feed himself. anyone would have considered him overqualified, including me. but i had to have him in my office. i wanted to see him on the other side of my desk, asking me for bread crumbs like a common street beggar. i wanted to see this asshole, who nearly ruined my and a dozen others lives and laughed at it, groveling for a job at my fucking feet. so of course i scheduled an interview. i was going to waste his time like he wasted mine. it was one of the most pleasurable experiences i have ever had. he pretended not to recognize me, but i could see that he did. he had gotten skinnier and reeked of despiration. he had no idea that i knew the whole story, so he lied to me about the whole reason he was out of work and when i told him exactly why, he looked defeated. i told him i had no place for a liar, let alone an asshole and when he tried to shake my hand at the end of the "interview" i refused and asked him to leave. there is an old saying: "you see the same people on the way down as on the way up"so this all happened around a year ago. i was a senior in highschool and my friend and i were looking for some spare cash to be made, naturally, so we went 'window shopping' for jobs at our local mall. after browsing for any store that was possibly hiring we walk past a pillow kiosk. the kiosk donned a "now hiring" sign so my friend and i applied. luckily for us the owner was there and hired us on the spot... red flag! he took our names, addresses and emails (no social security, i will get to that later). breakdown of the job: stand at the pillow stand, approach people and ask them to buy overpriced pillows. if we sold x amount of product then we would be able to make commission. before i press on i need to say my father has always given me this golden advice, "always have evidence of your hours." to which i have taken photos of my punch times for every job i have had. right, moving on. our bosses were two israeli gentlemen who said we would be paid every wednesday (they were personal checks, again a red flag). i worked there for two weeks without a hitch, making commission for nearly every day i worked there. third week rolls around and the mall wasn't as busy as it was normally (possibly attributed to nice weather) and i had no chance of making commission for that day. *oh well* i think, *it's no big deal*, i think. i was wrong... sort of, as it turned out to be a hassle for me, financially crippling for them. the day after my missed commission day i get a call while on my lunch hour at school. "fdbs, it's me, bossman, i see you did not sell much pillow yesterday and this is being unacceptable. i will not be paying you for this week." "but mr. bossman, that is illegal. you have to pay me for this week." "i cannot pay you for this week, you not sell many pillow yesterday." oh man, oh man. here it comes. as an angsty high school senior i couldn't wait for this. i knew what was coming, as i had documented my hours and everything. i show up at the pillow stand after school to confront him, and he once again says that he cannot pay but this time he said i cannot prove my hours, "see!" he says as he pulls up the now blank punch card. "oh thats unfortunate, but... see!" as i pull up my phone with all the pictures on it. he gets really hesitant and visibly distraught. "as i have said, i cannot pay..." said mr. bossman "do you want me to call the irs?", i said. "ah - you do not need to call them, why you threaten me? i will pay you only because you do threaten me and i feel like untrue things will be said to the irs.", said mr. bossman. to sum up the next part of the story, my friend and i quit that day, we got paid in full 3 days early (again personal check), and oh, thats right, i called the irs to report tax evasion (as the bosses never took taxes out of our checks, never took our social). we got audited and had to pay roughly $50 in back taxes, however they were no longer at the mall the following week (they had mentioned having a yearly contract that was up in december, this was may). tl;dr: sketchy pillow salesman hires my friend and i, tries to not pay me, pays me and loses his business and gets in trouble with the irs for tax evasion. not sure if this belongs here but i'll try :) wanted to post this early but had a crazy end of the month. so i run a fairly large dealer network (as many of you know) and because of this i have quite a bit of capital at my disposal. well i've been in this business since i was 18 i've been around the block more than a couple of times. i’ve also been ripped off before, and know how to protect my business. i’m no slouch, so don’t try and pull a fast one on me. i also believe that a man word is as solid and binding as a written contract...at least it was when i started. well one day i get a phone call, its henry. henry is a smart, bright, intelligent, young man from a fairly successful family. heck henry used to work for me! before his family decided to invest in him and buy his own dealership, that's all well and good...good for your henry. well henry calls me up and after a bit of small chit chat henry says that he has an excellent deal for me and would like for me to purchase a large quantity of his stock. i however am a bit overstocked on used vehicles (at that moment) and politely said "i'm not all that interested in buying any more stock " henry then confided into me he got himself in some sort of legal/tax problem and needed an influx of cash to pay out a settlement or his dealership would get foreclosed on. now i felt bad for henry, he explained more in detail on how he got in trouble and now had to pay the price. well he had about a 70 vehicles in stock and wanted to make about $200k in cash and was willing to part when some pretty good vehicles at very solid wholesale pricing. well fine, let’s see what he has. finding reconditioned vehicles, at a good price is always hard and helping out a fellow dealership is always a good thing. i told henry i'd stop on by and check out what he has on the lot so i did, i found in total about 20 vehicles in which i wanted to purchase for my used car inventory and i advised henry of this. we came to an agreement, those 20 specific vehicles for $220,000 giving henry more than enough capital to take care of his problem plus some extra cash on top. honestly the deal wasn't that great of a bargain for me but hey i wasn't going lose on this one. i also felt really good about giving henry a helping hand. we agreed, he said he needed to prep them and i'd pay for the transport back to my dealership. i however insisted on i would pay once the vehicles were delivered and not before. he was actually a bit peeved at this stipulation i then reminded him that the cash was not a problem and he knew this so he relented. all is well and done and a few days later we start the transfer and when everything is said and done my used car mgr calls me up and tells me henry only sent 17 over. when the truck driver (who knew) i had purchased 20 vehicles had brought this to henry attention he said "i knew what was going on and everything was ok" well everything was not ok, and a $220,000 car deal is not a small deal and i am most certainly going be checking in on this...now i figured henry sold 3 of the 20 vehicles to customers...that's ok we will just lower our agreed upon purchase price i take his 17 and we are done. so i called up henry. i expected the phone call to be pretty simple "hey henry, i got 17 vehicles we need to agree to a new price let me just deduct what those 3 vehicles where worth and i'll wire that over" keep in mind we didn't have a contract saying "i'll pay x for y" but i did have a list of vin numbers. henry bulked at this, said we had agreed on those 17 vehicles for $220k i balked right back and said he's being unreasonable...i was very upset at this point cause this man was honestly trying to pull such a stupid fast one on me? i then told henry "deal is off, you can come and pick up your vehicles" well of course he was having cash problems and it costs money to transport 17 vehicles so those 17 vehicles sat in my back lot for awhile. when eventually his dealership went bankrupt and everything went up for auction. i hoped on over and bought out his entire stock for a fraction of what it was worth! it was quite a significant windfall for us and our sales people where more than happy to sell them. now the story isn't over just yet...there is one more nail to be hammered in this coffin. my owner bought a dealership several months after this fiasco. i of course was in charge of this dealer as i was all the dealers in this owner’s network. so here i am inside the dealership getting a feel for this place when henry walks in (i was in a back office) henry approached a sales person, asked for a manager and told the manager he was an experienced sales person looking for a sales persons job. of course henry did very well in the interview with the sales manager and the manager called me up advised he had a great hire and wanted me to give a quick once over. i said to bring him on in, there i am sitting in my office when their is a knock on my door i say come in manager walks in first and starts to introduce henry when henry walks in right behind him and we lock eyes...you all of a sudden see this poor man soul get crushed, henry excuses himself and runs off to go to the "bathroom" the manager is quite confused and i simply say "nice find, but i bet you he ain't coming back" i've not seen henry since. o and henry made my sales staff very happy, not sure if you guys know how the business works however my sales staff is paid 25% on the profit of a vehicle. they get a 5% bump at 12 and another 5% bump at 15. well we got his entire stock of 70~ vehicles for a rock bottom price so lets say normally we pay say $15,000 for this truck and sell it for $18,500 with a $750 pack sales person makes $690~ however if we got that truck for $12,000 sales person now makes $1,440 or as much as $2,000+ so those 70 vehicles went through our dealer network very fast. we had quite a few sales person have zip code pay days because of henry. the mods said my post wasn't petty enough for /r/pettyrevenge and removed it and someone was banned for suggesting i post here, so i decided i should. i worked at a town home community as a leasing agent for 2 months. the job sucked and i had to work on the weekends, but the manager agreed to let me have mondays and tuesdays off. if i didn't get a weekend, i at least wanted mondays off because they suck. i worked by myself 95% of the time. from the beginning, i was barely trained and had no confidence in my job performance. i had no one to call when i had questions, either. the assistant manager (lisa) gave me her login information in case anything i ever did needed a supervisor override. that's how little either managers were around. i was always by myself. when i first started, i went to lunch with another leasing agent (jessica) who worked at our sister property. she was nice, but talked shit on the company real quick. she told me that the petty cash for her property had been short $50 a few months ago and amanda (manager of both properties) had used her own money to force balance it. they both had to sign off on it for audit purposes. another tidbit - i had to input rent payments into a program on our system. lisa informed me that she lived in apartment 205, so that would always show up as "not paid" because it was "different" since she was living there. she told me just to ignore it and that i never had to worry about her. labor day is always on a monday so we were closed that day. when i came to work on wednesday the assistant manager (lisa) informed me that i would have to start working on mondays because they were just so busy. i was pissed. i took the job on the condition that i would have mondays off. i also was told i wouldn't be paid holiday time for labor day because it was a monday and i had that day off. so i was like thanks for deciding that i have to work mondays after the monday holiday. i was pretty open about my annoyance, but whatever. so later on in the day i am checking my personal email, and i have an email from career builder - i still get these emails. i am used to them. i had a profile on there with my resume and just never took it down. well, lisa pops up behind me when i am looking at this email and calls and narks on me to amanda. amanda calls and is basically asking me what my problem is and blah blah. she told me jessica told her that i was negative when we went to lunch that day and i was just talking trash the whole time (ha!!!!). i finally told her i was done with the job and she told me to give her my written two-week notice. the next day, i went to leave the property to go pick up lunch and lisa waltzes in as i am leaving. she gives me some shitty smirk. when i got back from my lunch, she was gone. i got on my computer and my email was all arranged weird. it was arranged by sender instead of by date. i was pissed. i knew that bitch had been going through my email. so, i remembered that she gave me her login info and i logged into her shit to see how she liked it. there were several emails exchanged between lisa and amanda calling me a brat and a bitch and just talking all kinds of shit. i tried to dig up any information about lisa living in 205, but nothing existed. everyone else had a folder of info but there was none for 205. there was not a spare key either. she was living there for free and i knew it. so i decided to email the main guy who worked at corporate. i told him lisa was living on the property and what her apartment number was, i told him about the petty cash fraud, the going through my email, them never being there, etc. i left my work shirt provided by the company along with my keys and had the maintenance guy sign off on a paper saying i did just that. then i took a copy and left the property in just my bra and skirt, no fucks to give. i turned off my phone and changed the voicemail to the message you get when someone has their phone turned off (these chicks weren't exactly brilliant). i got a call from the maintenance guy later that evening telling me that amanda did try to call me and thinks my phone is off and he had to help lisa move all of her shit out of her apartment that day. it wasn't fast enough, because the guy i emailed flew in the next day and cleaned house. lisa and amanda were both fired. tl;dr some bitches were bitches to me so i got them firedex employer left me with 10k of shares that can never be redeemed, not within my power. so i reported them to the cra for sred fraud. fines are 50% on top of what they got. so $100k means $150k you need to pay the government back. i also reported them for running income out of the country and the operations they run out of a 3rd world nation. i told them also about possible tax evasion scheme they also seem to have been running. if found guilty the fine is likely to bankrupt the company. while the audit is going, i'm still continuing to pursue my money and building a case against them. then when i win a judgement and they don't have cash, i'm going to go in to their offices and take their laptops and servers. i'm going to copy and format them, and then sell them. the ceo somehow has been immune to this "shortage of funds" situation, and i'm sure that there is massive fraud on their end. when it get's exposed, i will do everything in my power so that fucker ends up in prison. the money doesn't even matter to me, i could spend another 20k, if it ensured the destruction of his company and personal life. for the record, this company that doesn't pay me, had me make their main platform which they brag about front and center on their home page. i was lead developer and brought it to market under insane timelines with a inexperienced team. instead of thanking me, they scammed me, dismissed me the day the project was done without cause, and didn't even give me a reference for my work, that they've significantly profited off over the last 2 years. i have 0 sympathy for them anymore, the fraud needs to be exposed and i don't care about my money, just their shame. ceo getting assraped in jail though would definitely be a bonus. it's not just me, his fucked a lot of people in the past a lot worse than me. they just don't like fighting.in the music industry, certainly the 'production' side of things, we've all done shitty gigs. the sort of gig s that you know from the moment you get booked that it's not going to be fun. being female in this industry this sometimes works in my favour, sometimes not. so i get a call from a promoter who wants to put on a show locally and i got recommended to supply all the sound (i run a small pa rental company). i ask him the usual questions, "what's the load in/out time?" "what's the technical spec of the band?" "what's your budget?" etc etc. we agree a fee after 30minutes of telephone negotiating. we are both happy with this fee, it was £1,500 gbp, which is very reasonable for the personnel and equipment being provided. the only thing i always insist on when i'm working for somebody i don't know / have never worked with before is that i require *'cleared funds upon arrival at event location'*, a phrase that i rattle off many times a year and i never have any issues. me or my crew will bring £50k worth of gear, to your event, we will sometimes even start setting it up. but as soon as possible, you need to pay us. so this promoter showed us where to load in to this theatre/concert hall type venue. while my guys were walking around the venue checking the usual things like mains outlets, pa flying points etc i took the promoter to one side and produced my printed invoice and said my usual spiel... me: "i know you are real busy, we need to start setting up so if you can sort payment now then i don't need to bother you again." he did the whole 'looking guilty at his shoes routine', promoter: "umm i don't have all of you money right now, im waiting for my business partner he has your money. he has it all. can you wait for him to arrive?" me: "ok, its not a problem, what time is he due to arrive?" promoter: "around an hour or two before the doors open, he has to set up the bar, so he won't be later than this." me: "look i've not worked with you but in the spirit of future business relations i will take payment in full anytime before the start of the show." promoter: "thanks, he has the money it won't be a problem." me: "lol i know, if i don't have the money before the start of the show then i'm not turning the pa on." said jokingly, but with a stern face. so my guys setup everything, we work efficiently for the next few hours, the band arrive and we all get on well together. they are friends of the promoter and don't seem as bothered about the money as we do. i mentioned that this was the first show with this promoter and the drummer, who was the informal leader of the band, said the promoter has a different sound co. every time they gig. this gives me and the two crew guys cause to look at each other uneasily. we finish soundcheck and as the band head to their dressing room we sit around stageleft watching the audience spilling in. **showtime is t-minus 1hour...** i see the promoter hanging around stageright so i pop over to see him. me: "hey promoter, everything ok so far? happy with everything?" promoter: "yes very happy, everything's perfect, band say soundcheck went well, looking forward to the show..." me: "thats good, lets get payment out the way and i can leave you alone to enjoy the show." promoter: "errr listen, ticketsales have been slow for this show, can i pay you afterwards?" me: "i thought you had sold 1200? at £20 a head minimum, that makes at least £24000 you should have more than enough to pay?" i'm being kind, but very firm. "im sorry but you need to sort out payment before the show, we've trucked £50k worth of this gear here, we've even set it all up and so far you've had all this for free... sorry but i can't do the show without payment upfront. once we've done a few shows together and we've built up a trust then i can help you out, but this is our first show and i have rules, sorry." promoter: "ok let me see what i can do..." **t-minus 10mins to showtime...** my team is ready to go, but we are anxious by now about the 'dodgy promoter'. the band are with us stageleft and ready to go onstage. they know the situation. they know we've not been paid yet but they don't seem that bothered. they are friends with the promoter and seem to side with him. i'm almost thinking about starting the show and getting the money afterwards but i stop myself. 'don't break your rule' i tell myself. **showtime t-minus 1 minute...** the promoter comes over to stage left and tells the band to go onstage, he will intro them on. my team are all in position behind the mixing desks etc ready to go on my say so. i tug the promoters shirt by his elbow and look quizzical at him, "where's payment?" i ask. promoter: "yeah yeah [smiling] lets get the band onstage and i nip and get it for you while they are on. me: "but... [as promoter walks onto stage] woaahh!" i call after him, almost shouting. i am furious, i know that it is impossible to kill the audio mid-show and that riot may well break out if i did this. much easier to not put myself in the position to start with... i glance over at the front of house engineer who is looking at me for guidance... i did the classic 'flat hand draw across the throat' signal for 'kill it!' both my audio guys hit the global mutes on their desks and the promoter walks over to the centre of the stage and speaks into a microphone... but nothing and i mean nothing comes out... utter fucking silence.... the crowd boos, they cheer, then they boo again... the promoter looks over at me angrily sidestage, i gesture to him, rubbing my fingers together in the other internationally recognised gesture of 'pay me my fucking money!' things are about to get heated so i grab a mic we have setup sidestage but out of sight of the audience (we call them 'voice of god' mics, or emergency mics. "ladies and gentlemen, sorry but due to a foreseeable hitch this show will be delayed by 5minutes" cue audience chanting and lots of tension building up... a lot of sweat dripping from the promoter instantly for fear of his reputation. no word of a lie, i had full payment, in cash, in my hand within 3minutes. the show went ahead and i went on to do several other shows with this promoter, he never tried to screw me again. i would like to start off by saying that i am not a spiteful person, but after reading a post regarding someones revenge on a former boss i was reminded of a former ass-hat manger that i had a hand in getting fired. i am a chemist by trade. i work in a lab mixing chemicals together to make viable products for consumers. i once worked for a company that made all types of plastic. they were in serious need of a chemist and a friend (whom is the vp) recommended i interview. the job was to be the lab manager. i would be responsible for 3 other chemists and two qc employees. i went through the very long interview process and was offered a job. however, it was not the job that i interviewed for. the management "team" decided that i was too young (i was 25) so they gave to the job to someone else who was older. that person would be the ass-hat manger. i was given a chemist job. it was a good job and it paid well, so whatever. so my first day on the job i am introduced to ass-hat. upon meeting him, he seemed to relish in the fact that he got the management job over me, and immediately started to show it. the lab was going through somewhat of a transformation. the previous manager was a pack rat. as in, he kept every single piece of paper that was ever handed to him. so my first assigned task was to go through every single piece of paper to see if it was relevant. i had to physically remove each piece of paper from the box and scan it over for said relevant info, even though the box clearly said 1972 on it, and all it was was pamphlets from shows or old ass chemical brochures, i still had to go through it. this took me weeks. i was the only person assigned this task, everyone else did there normal job. in the mean time, he was busy showing up for work late, leaving early for his two hour lunch, disappearing for and hour and a half after lunch, and leaving work early. he maybe was seen visible working for 1 hour a day. fast forward to me finishing my assigned task, ass-hat finally allows me to do some actual chemistry work. this is when i found out that he has no real experience working in a chemistry lab. or being a chemist. how do i know? because ass hat decided to mix a couple of chemicals that don't "play nicely with each other" and then proceeds to throw it in the microwave. 60 seconds later we were short one microwave and had a new respect for the fire extinguisher. he followed this up with leaving industrial sized mixers on high speed while unattended (big no no, they could kill someone), starting another small fire in the plant and completely ruined an industrial sized mill. after a couple months of his unsafe lab practices (they continued), i started noticing some changes in his personality. specifically towards people that he deemed a threat to his authority. he got into a very loud verbal argument with our first production manger, who then quit, then proceeded to get into an almost physical argument with one of our salesmen, whom also quit. once those two were off his list, he turned his attention towards me. now for a little back story. i mentioned earlier that i was friends with the vp. (i still am) i have worked for him before and i enjoyed it a lot. hence the reason i applied for the job. i am the type of person that shows up early and leaves late. always have, always will. i take great pride in doing good work. well ass hat took our friendship and my work ethic as a threat to his authority and made it his life's goal to fuck with every single part of my day. he would assign me jobs to do, i would do them, and then he would berate me in front of everyone about how i did it wrong. then he would tell me how to do it "right", and i would fix my mistake and do it exactly how he told me to and he would come back and berate me again in front of everyone about how it was still fucked up. he did this for everything. the best part about all of this was the end of day "meetings." these "meetings" consisted of me going into his office, closing the door, and him yelling and swearing at me for at least 30 mins. topics you ask? think of one, it was probably my fault in some way. this went on 2-3 months until i cracked. i cracked because he got physical, as in shoved me when my back was turned. now, i am not a small person. i am athletically built. i played football, i ran track, and i lifted weights. i don't know what got into him but it got into him in a big way. i was shocked. i had never had a boss do that before. i don't know why, but i just let it happen. so when he was done screaming in my face, i just left and went straight to the bar and had a drink, and another, and another. that was the day i decided that i had had enough. i wasn't putting up with anymore bullshit. i am admittedly not a very creative person when it comes to revenge, so the only type of revenge on a boss that i had ever seen (way before reddit) was from the movie office space. i literally did what that guy did. i just showed up and did absolutely nothing. i came and went when i wanted. i took 45 minute smoke breaks, 2 hour lunches, came late and left early. this drove ass hat insane. and every time he tried to talk to me about it i did exactly what the guy on the movie did, i just never stopped and walked right past him. every time he wanted another "meeting" i just never showed up. i just went home instead. so after a week or two of this, i happen to be wandering around the office and i stumble into my vp friend. he seemed stressed out and i inquired as to why. "the safety inspector is here and he will be doing a walk through of the plant." he said. he told me "to let everyone in the lab know that he was here and not to fuck up." his words, not mine. well because i had literally quit doing what i suppose to do and ass hat had to do what i was suppose to do, and seeing that he is a walking fucking disaster, i took off for my 2 hour lunch. i wander back into the plant after my 2 hour lunch (my food was excellent) and shit has hit the fan. every big wig in the company is in there and they are all freaking out. i walk up and the first thing the vp asked me was "what did you see!!!???" being friends with him i replied "i didn't see shit, what happened?" so word on the street is this. ass hat decided that he owned the place that day and went out and used one of the industrial stand up mixers (think kitchen aid mixer that makes cookies but 8 feet tall) to mix something in a 1 gallon container (i was suppose to be working on this project but obviously wasn't). now, these things are made for containers that hold 500-1000 gallon containers. so he puts this container under this gigantic mixer and realizes that the container cant be strapped down with heavy duty chains. (side note: you need to strap down the containers. these things spin at 3000-5000 rpm. i have seen 1000 gallon containers spin that weight 4,000lbs. that's some scary shit). so what does ass hat do? he grabs a roll of duct tape and tapes that shit on of course! once he plasters that bitch with duct tape, he cranks that mfer up to full blast and walks away. (also a big no no. for those of you that don't know, all machines in any industrial shop have to manned at all times, no exceptions) about 2 minutes into this act of stupidity, in walks the safety inspector. one of the production guys sees this gigantic fine running and promptly runs over and shuts the machine down right as the safety inspector sees it. over walks the inspector to inquire into what the hell is going on right as ass hat walks out of the lab freaking out. asking who shut off his mixer and of course cussing and swearing. he then proceeds to turn the mixer back on, cuss out the production worker, and asks the safety inspector "what the fuck are you looking at?" and walks away. so once i am got done laughing my ass off, i calmly inform my vp and all the other big wigs that i am not surprised. i inform them of their lost microwave, the fires, the destroyed mill (they knew about the mill, they just didn't know how it happened). i told them about the confrontation that occurred in his office, and i told them the truth about some other things they didn't know about. (bottle of scotch in his desk, drunk on the job, etc. etc.). the fire in my vp friends eyes was burning hot enough to destroy worlds at this point and he turns around and tells everyone that there will be a meeting regarding today's events in the morning and orders everyone (40+ people) to go home. we show up the next day and ass hat was no where to be found. the point of the meeting was to inform everyone that ass hat was not allowed within 500 ft of the building and that if we saw him near the building, we needed to call the police. what i found out later was that the police already had him. when my vp friend went to fire him, ass hat got physical, and the security guards with my vp friend got physical back. he was charged with a whole slew of shit, to much to remember. later that day i was promoted to lab manager and given a raise. we celebrated with a glass of scotch that found in ass hats desk. some back story here: i'm a handyman on the weekends to get me out of the office and feeling like i'm actually producing something -- picture a compromise of "office space". i've been doing handyman work for about fifteen years on and off, and i'm really good at it. so i get a client who lives in chicago and wants me to do some handyman work at some vacation rentals he owns in hawaii (all four are neglected and, while they look nice, they need some real work). i agree, get a retainer and a service contract signed, and get to work. i usually do about 3-4 hours of handyman work each weekend, but this guy starts giving me work to do in the vicinity of 12 - 18 hours per weekend. and not handyman work, but errands and assistant work (drop off keys, put out and take in garbage cans, etc.). this is not what i signed up for, but he's paying me, so whatever. i figure i'll get his properties up to par within a few months at this rate and then it will be a simple hour or two a weekend to maintain. unfortunately, his retainer runs out in about a month, so i send of an invoice and a request for more funds (i like to keep a little buffer in case my client tries to not pay me), and for the next two weeks i keep getting shitty answers. one day he says he wrote the check, the next week he says he finally sent it, a few days later he says he wired it to my account, etc. after a month of this i'm fed up. i sent him a final invoice for all the work with the notification that all work will cease until payment and a full retainer are paid, as stipulated in the contract. a few days go by, and i get payment for les than have the invoiced amount, as well as an edited invoice. he feels he shouldn't have to pay for a bunch of the stuff because he could do it if he lived here. fine. i re-edit the invoice, noting a bunch of stuff as "paid" and the remainder as "unpaid -- will return materials or return to original condition unless payment is made". all of the items under this heading are small, such as door locks, cable wires, curcuit breakers, etc. no word back after a week. second notice sent. no word back. final notice sent. he finally sends back that he paid what he was going to pay. i'm normally a very nice guy. if he had said that he was low on funds and maybe do a trade or help a guy out -- no problem. but treat me like what i do isn't valuable, and we have a problem. sooooo, i go buy a $5 tube of superglue, head up to the house, and get to work. superglue in the locks of the sliding doors, keeping them locked (they lead to an amazing lanai overlooking the beach), superglue the front door locks, keeping them unlockable. superglue the window hardware to lock them closed. one or two dabs on each fan i repaired, a few switches (kitchen living room, bedroom -- leave the hallway and closet lights working), a few circuit breakers in the off position, and finally the cable for internet. i made sure it was only things i had repaired or fixed, but after 30 minutes, this place was essentially an unlivable sauna of stone-age hell. five dollars well spent.i worked as a security guard downtown in a large canadian city. this story starts when i got a phone call from one of the other guards working. he found a contractor had parked and left a truck in a loading dock bay, and was inquiring if i knew anything about it. the site i worked at had 2 buildings, over 60 floors between them, and that shared a loading dock with only 3 spaces. occasionally on an expected slower day contractors could ask us to leave a vehicle there if they were doing a quick job, but it was infrequent, as the the loading dock was really busy. around this time there was a company who had just rented 2 or 3 floors and there was a massive remodel going on there. people were in and out constantly and the job was going to run for a few months. this made the loading dock bays busy enough that we weren't letting anyone park there, just unload. i had been there that day and no one had asked permission to park, and nothing had been passed on from other guards or property management. i told the guard as much, and he went to find the contractor to have the vehicle moved. about half an hour later, as i am patrolling, i hear my guard arguing with someone near the building control center. as i approached i picked up this was an argument about the truck. the contractor was saying that they had been given permission to park there. i walked up and explained that there were only 2 people on site that day that could have given permission, i was one of them and worked with the other for half the day, and we didn't give anyone permission to park there. he needed to move the vehicle. the contractor left at that point and i thought the issue was settled. about 15 minutes later i was covering a break in the control room when the foreman of the contract company, who is also the owner of the truck, approached and told me that they had been promised parking and aren't going to move the truck. i again politely explained to him that he didn't have permission, and that the truck needed to move as we needed the loading dock space. he then proceeded to yell at me, call me worthless, explained how he was so much more important than i was, how he made my yearly salary in a month, and most importantly he wasn't moving the truck and he would get me fired if i kept "harassing" him. as i started to respond, he just turned and walked away, as he was too busy to bother with me. i was furious. it's bad enough to be a disrespecting asshole, but to also threaten my job was too far. i followed after them and asked them really quickly what company they were with, got the company name and left them alone. i went back to the control center, and called the company. i explained who i was, that the truck was illegally parked, that the contractor threatened to have me fired for asking him to move the truck, and that he refused to speak with me about the issue, as he was worth too much to bother with a lowly security guard. we spoke for a few minutes as she apologized and asked me what i wanted to happen. i just asked that the contractor be spoken with, as that level of disrespect is unacceptable, and lastly the truck had to be moved. pretty quickly the truck was moved and the night supervisor for the 3 floor build came and apologized. the contractors were friends of his, he had given them permission to park there as they were helping out for the next few weeks on the job. he paid to park the truck himself and it cost over $150 to park just for the night in the closest lot. he didn't come across as actually apologetic at all, more a guy doing damage control for his friends. this is where the revenge gets pro ($150 in parking is petty at best). the next day i ran into one of the contractors i was on great terms with. we would often talk for a while when we could. he explained that he was the lead for the entire build on the project, which i hadnt realized previously. i thought he was just one of the regular guys. he spoke with the night supervisor and heard about the issue, chewed out the night supervisor for handling the situation so poorly, fired the subcontractors from the job and blacklisted them from ever doing business with them again. the main contractor company was a huge company that is constantly doing work with the property management company, who own around a third of all the major buildings in that city, and similar amounts in most of the other big canadian cities. not a company you want a bad reputation with. so this happened about 10 years ago. i used to work for a technology company in a government incubator. it was a building that helped start up companies by offering very cheap rent. one of the companies was an animation company. the owner was a complete douchebag. whenever you would run into him he was always a complete dick. anyone that knew him hated him. it was a small company only 4-5 staff members for the first couple of months. honestly i don't even know how he survived that long. the animators were terrible. and by terrible i mean "what the fuck did i just watch" terrible! but, this guy was an amazing salesman. he managed to sell himself and his company to a hip hop group in california. being from a fairly small city in canada (halifax) this was a big deal. it made the business sections in the newspapers and he even won an award for top 50 ceo's in the region. the new contract landed him millions of dollars with around 1.6 million upfront. but, he didn't have enough staff to take on this new animated mini series. he immediately hired approx 20 additional animators. all naive students right out of college. after a couple of weeks his new staff still wasn't being paid. i knew a couple of people that worked there including one of the original 5 (who was receiving a small paycheck) and asked her what was the deal. she told me that he said he didn't have any money and that the money was "coming soon". he somehow convinced most of the animators to continue working for free. he insisted that if they stuck around they would all become rich and it would make all their personal portfolios look amazing. considering most of these kids had no experience, they didn't quit. once i found out about his claim of having no money i contacted a local magazine. it's a political magazine that likes to report on businesses and politicians that are corrupt. they emailed me back and i told them everything i knew about this animation company and what the owner was doing. well, the magazine did some digging and published an article about the owner. after their investigation they had learned that the ceo had in fact received $1.6 million up front for the project. but instead of investing it into the company he spent it all on himself including a new home, valued over $500,000, new cars, etc. you can only imagine what happened next... pretty much every employee quit the day after the article ran. the group from california sued him shortly afterwards because they invested that money and got nothing back. the ceo was taken to court. he was sued by 7 of his previous employees ($31,000+ awarded to each employee). he lost his home, car and was now seen as a joke in the industry. after all this he moved to a different province but things got worse. he had to file for bankruptcy claiming $248,000 in liabilities. one of my ex-employees recently got a job at the same magazine. i asked him if he could look through their archives to see if the information i had leaked to them is what caused their investigations. sure enough, it all started because of my email correspondence with their editor!the goal of the game is to keep them on the phone for as long as possible. my record is 53 minutes. here is how it works... me: hello? tm: hi, could i interest you in useless crap today? me: why yes, yes you can. i've always wanted to buy useless crap from someone i've never met, over the telephone. is there different levels of useless crap? could i purchase the gold plated crap? would you like my credit card now or later? tm: please hold while i connect you with our sales specialist. me: yes please! tm: hello. i am the useless crap sales specialist, how can i help you? me: i want to purchase the gold plated useless crap please. tm: excellent! can i get your credit card number please? me: ya, hang on just sec while i run upstairs and grab my wallet. do you mind if i put you on hold for just a sec? tm: of course. take your time. set you phone down at this point and go do something. anything really. after about 5 minutes return to the phone and tell him you can't find your wallet and that it must be in the laundry - please hold. repeat this with other locations (car, truck, garage, cellar, bathroom, closet, etc). i like to play this game while watching a tv show and i only pick up the phone during commercials. they will stay on hold as long as you reassure them that you intend to purchase their crap. i once had a manager call me back after the sales specialist had hung up. the manager was pissed and was cussing at me about me being an asshole. i tried to reassure him that i truly wanted to purchase his crap but he just kept saying "don't play fucking games with me!". i laughed and laughed and laughed once he had hung up.just discovered this sub and love it. thought it would be a great place to share my story. two years ago i lived in a touristy area of ontario and worked as a server and bartender at a fairly well known canadian restaurant chain. it is no exaggeration to state the front of house manager (foh), assistant manager (assman), and general manager (gm) are among three of the dumbest people i have ever known in my life. my four months working at this place were fucking awful and soul crushing but the tip money was unreal so i could tolerate it. this was essentially the management dynamic: foh was a lazy fuck who projected his own laziness onto the front of house staff. he was prone to giving lectures about how lazy we all were and constantly threatening us with "a stack of resumes" he had in the office. he would also make insanely creepy remarks about female employees (one of whom was my sister so super awesome) and racist comments about customers. assman was essentially the kind of person who never had any power in her life. she then used her new power to make our lives miserable. her first order of business was removing any information about workers' rights from the premises. finally gm was just a manipulative sadistic misogynist who was just straight up abusive to female staff. also, these three people hated each other and made no attempt to hide it. basically by the end of the tourist season i gave no fucks about my job and wanted out. i started a work to rule strike which supremely slowed down operations in hopes of getting fired. fortunately foh decided to stop scheduling me which led to an intense confrontation where he was very sure that i (a fairly physically imposing guy) was going to beat the shit out of him. instead i told him to fuck himself, went home, and read the employment standards act in its entirety. i wrote a lengthy report to the ministry of labour citing at least 16 violations of the employment standards act. for the better part of the next year they were under investigation which resulted in me getting a pay out for termination (constructive dismissal) and them getting a number of fines. the sweetest part being every time i heard from my case worker she spent a good amount of our conversation bitching about how awful the management was to deal with. the last i heard from her, the ministry was still doing regular inspections of this restaurant since they've now been red flagged for shitty labour practices. so satisfying.roughly 14 years ago, i was a naïve kid and went to a car dealership to buy my first used honda. i had enough money saved for a down payment but the stereotypical used car salesmen upgraded me to another, more expensive car. it had just been traded in earlier that day so it was still in the service shop. i got the service check-off sheet claiming all the work that was done and the main one being "brakes replaced". i take it home and after a few days of adjusting to the new car, i notice that my brakes are squeaking. i call the dealership and they tell me over the phone that honda's do that (made a record of time/date/name of rep). i ask around and sure enough they confirmed what the dealership had told me. over the course of the next 4 months the brake noise upgraded from a squeak to a squeal and by the end of the 4th month, a grinding was heard. i bring it into the dealership and they tell me, "*your brakes are completely worn to the nub! you have maybe 5% left at best. that will be $490 to repair the issue*" i speak to the service manager (sm) who was no help. i find the salesman and anyone else involved with my sale and none of them can help me as the check-list states "**brakes were replaced**" i've never heard of brakes going out in less than 5000 miles. i finally get a hold of the general manager (gm) who flat out tells me, "*son, you're a kid, guys like you race fast and brake hard. i've replaced brakes at 2000 miles before.*" he won't do a thing for me. they replace the brakes but one of them isn't tightened on well and on my way home, the brake pad falls off its housing (its still attached by tangling) and i call a tow truck on the dealerships expensive. i have the guy take the ultra long way back as they bill by the mile. i pick it up the next day and nothing is said about it. i sulk for 6 months telling my story to all that care to hear me. finally a friend of a friend hears me out and is familiar with what to do. he helps me to write a letter to the better business bureau and notify news agencies. i'm to write "help me" articles to newspapers, even call up talk radio stations for advice. i takes several weeks and nearly 60 envelopes later, i had stacks upon stacks of letters going out to various agencies and companies. two months go by and i had gotten a few news agencies that were interested but the big one was the bbb. my case worker (chad) says they will do an investigation and informs me that this isn't the first time said dealership has done this before. mine was the first where detailed records were kept. (i had additional maintenance records going into the same dealership as well as secondary opinions). over a year had gone by since i bought my car and i take it back to this dealership for the last of my scheduled warranty maintenance. before i do so, i go to a bbb trusted mechanic and have him confirm my brakes are good. 9500 miles and nearly brand new still. at the dealership, i avoid everyone that might recognize me and i speak directly to the mechanic. he does the last of the warranty maintenance and i ask him to check my brakes knowing full well that the service manager and gm had written notes about me for future reference (chad warned me of this). he confirms what chad had told me would happen. "*your brakes are almost worn out. you must ride them hard as they were replace about 8 months ago. you should probably get them replaced again.*" i ask the guy to write all this down and he refuses to make it on the official paperwork. but caves on dealership letterhead instead. name/date/time/the works. i fax this information to chad and some time later i get a phone call from the gm of the dealership. i don't remember all of the half hour long conversation but he was attempting to bribe me with free service, vehicle upgrade (with a pay the difference catch), blah blah blah if i would retract the "unfair accusation" i made against him and his store. i was milking him for all it was worth and i finally said, "**you know, being that i drive my car like a typical** *kid,* **i would be thrilled if the dealership replaced my nearly new tires, brakes and oil and transmission fluid. i am** *hard on cars after all* ". he was verbally pissed at my attempt to rub what he said in his face. he hung up claiming i was being unreasonable. i never did get my refund for the brake job i never should have paid for. it took 3 years and several more complaints from other customers but the dealership was forced to close down and sell. chad tells me it was mostly because of my detailed recordkeeping and persistence that led to that dealership going under. **td;dr: dealership sells me a car with bad breaks and lies to cover up their mistake. i call the bbb and the dealership is eventually forced out of business.** *edit1: if the mods want proof this happen, i will gladly give it to them upon request. **done** sorry to have upset a few of the redditors* *edit2: wow thanks to /u/funkyskunk and /u/flclimber , i found out a lot more what actually happened. bbb probably took my evidence, information to the da or attorney general and the manufacturer probably got involved. with enough evidence, they were able to bring down the corrupt dealer or force them to sell.***i posted this as a reply in another thread, but a couple people told me to post this here as well:** sorry in advance, on mobile, on a plane. i worked in the finance department of a dealership. in order to secure financing, vehicles had to have proof of insurance submitted to the finance company before the customer can take possession. that was my job, so when the customers first sat down with me, i'd tell them to get their insurance arranged and send me proof. one day i hear my name being paged for a phone call. i pick it up "hello, qwer-asdf-zxcv speaking, how can i help you?" the voice on the phone says "are you the asshole who needs proof of insurance?" **me:** "excuse me?" **him:** "did you sell a vehicle to mr and mrs. x and now want me to get the insurance?" **me:** "well we sold them a vehicle yes..." him: "how the fuck can i arrange insurance without a vin" **me:** "uhhhh they have a copy of the bill of sale" the conversation continued like this for a whille, him swearing, me answering his stupid questions. basically he blamed me for the customers not giving him the information he needed. and apparently the customers were quite antsy to pick it up, so when i told them i hadn't received proof of insurance, they must have called him and gotten angry. so anyways, i have no problem talking to insurance agents if the customers didn't do what they should have, but nobody calls me an asshole and gets away with it. **revenge step 1** use phonemyphone.com to ring him every 10 minutes at 3am. that's what you get for having your home number in the phone book. **revenge step 2** he is an insurance broker, so he does a fair amount of advertising. one of the places he advertises was on kijiji (canadian craigslist). i had seen his ads a ton (he was actually pretty successful) one nice feature about kijiji is you can see "posters other ads". this asshole also happened to have rental apartments all over town. so with a couple fake email accounts i arranged viewings for his dozen or so apartments every day of the week for the next month. (never fuck with a retail salesperson, they have way too much free time). i got about a dozen angry emails back asking why i didn't show before i noticed he stopped advertising on kijiji. **revenge step 3** my piece de resistance was shortly after i quit the dealership. i still hated this guy, or well, i actually didn't care, but he seemed like a dick. my friend works it for a large insurance company, and i had helped him out with something that required me to get an email address with the insurance company's domain. so i logged in, and created my signature as "vp of acquisitions", and gave him a call. i told him we were interested in buying his brokerage, since we saw his success from afar. he was sucking my dick from the beginning, telling me how successful he was, and how inch business he generated. i told him to email me his relevant financials and that i would call him back. so he does, and i actually put the effort into coming up with a reasonable purchase price. and then i added a couple hundred thousand to make it enticing for him. i called him back, gave him the offer, and then asked if he would be interested in he team as a vp after the buyout. he said he would so i asked him to come down to our offices for an interview. the key part here is the offices of this insurance company are in a big city, a four hour drive from where he lives. i told him i'd like to meet at 9am. so this asshole has to leave his house at 5am to make it ( i also told him to bring me a coffee). at this point i tell me friend to delete the email address ( he knew what i was doing, although perhaps not as in depth) and i also called him from a blocked number because, well i didn't want to get caught. so unfortunately i can't say for 100% sure that it worked. but two weeks later, i did call his brokerage from my regular number. he answered the phone. i said "are you the asshole who drove four hours to x city for a fake interview?" . there was a long pause, i can hear him steaming up through the phone, and then he said "who the fuck is this?". i hung up. don't be rude.using a throwaway for this. it’s long so i hope it’s at least entertaining for you all... i work in it for a large company. a year ago we were a bit short staffed so we finally picked up a new coworker, we’ll call him chad. when i saw chad’s resume there were a few red flags, for example he had close to 10 different jobs in the past 5 years. for the first few days everyone was ok with him but after a few shifts we noticed a pattern… he would constantly browse gaming sites, go home for lunch so he could play with his games (which was fine since it’s his lunch break anyway), and after coming back from break he would have his ipad with him so that he can watch twitch after business hours (we work 12 hour shifts and the datacenter is pretty dead around 5:00pm). he was a pure video game addict. don’t get me wrong i am ok with people slacking off but i at least want them to learn how to do their job first so that they can be of help when needed. for the first 3 months my team tried our best to train him but he was way more focused on gaming than actually learning the job, he never retained anything we taught him because he just wasn’t interested. my team kept telling our manager about his lack of progress but our manager just chalked it up to us doing a horrible job of training him. when chad was 8 months into the job he still didn’t know how to do the basics that most people already pick up by the first week, and our manager still refused to fire him (most assumed that he didn’t have the balls to pull the trigger on it). at that point our team was already so fed up with chad that we just ignored him and gave up training him. our team is 24/7 so we cover for holidays but the company only wants 2 staff members max for holiday shifts because they don’t want to pay too much overtime. when the next holiday shift was coming up i volunteered for it with another coworker, i love the overtime pay and plus i didn’t want chad to work it because if something did blow up he would be useless (i worked holidays alone with chad before and i did all the work, really frustrating). this didn’t sit well with chad though and he brought it up to me. he told me it wasn’t fair that i was working more holidays than him and he wanted to work this next one, he also brought it up to my manager and i was pretty much forced to let him have it. i saw the smug look on his face as he rejoiced in his triumph… but deep down that was the last straw for me. i didn’t believe that this guy deserved to get overtime pay for a shift that i know he won’t be lifting a finger for so i felt like i had to get my revenge. i started browsing his facebook page to try to dig up dirt on this guy and turns out his fb was a goldmine. the guy always complained about work and made his status updates public so that i could see it without even being his friend. here are a few that i found: once i found these i forwarded screenshots to my coworkers and that eventually reached my manager. this woke my manager up and he was finally on a mission to get chad fired. the only tricky part was that chad’s facebook name was fake and he had no pictures of himself in his profile; the only reason i knew it was his facebook was because i always saw him on it during work. my manager decided to take a stab anyway and had a 1 on 1 meeting with chad and showed him the facebook page and asked him if it was his, as we predicted chad denied it all. after that meeting, my manager gave me the update that we don’t have enough evidence to fire him. i was so close to getting him that i didn’t want to let this bastard slip through. i searched his fb even more, found his wife’s fb page and sure enough her pictures were also public and it had quite a few pictures of chad tagged with his fb profile. nailed him. my manager brought up the pictures and chad had no choice but to admit it was him. he even had the balls to say to my manager “the only reason i lied about my fb page the first time was because i wanted to protect you (my manager) just incase this would bring trouble from hr”. he was fired on the spot. felt so good. **the aftermath** my manager still had to deal with chad a few times via e-mail afterwards. apparently after chad got fired he sent an e-mail to my manager’s boss saying how my manager made my team gather the evidence so that chad can get fired before he moves to the us… we didn’t even know he was moving to the usa, infact he always said how he hated that country so it was a surprise to us. he also sent an e-mail to my manager about how he found out he has cancer and since he doesn’t have a job he can’t afford the medical bills for it. not sure if chad was just lying about that to make my manager feel bad but i wouldn't put it past him. bonus picture, here is a status of him complaining about other people’s laziness when he himself is the laziest bastard i have ever worked with: **tl;dr useless coworker forced me to step down from working for overtime pay, i dug up dirt from his fb to get his ass fired.**this is an oldie, so the details may be a little vague, but only just found this sub. many years ago i entered into my first mobile phone (cell) contract with a large telecommunications company here in the uk. i signed for a 24 month term, and also signed for an odd on to the contract that gave me extra data at a small additional charge. this add on was not contracted, i simply had to give notice of cancellation a few days prior to the payment date and the payment would not be taken and the add on would expire at the end of the billing period. after a couple of months i provided the notice of cancellation, and received confirmation that i would no longer be charged. i think no more of it and live my life happily. at the end of the contract i log into my account management website to confirm that i wish to cancel and don't want to rollover onto a new plan. here, i notice that i am still being charged for the add on that i cancelled. i look through my history and notice that 17 months of payments had been taken after the cancellation. thats almost £170 that i hadn't wished to pay. the next day i phone their customer service department who informs me that they can see that it was due for cancellation, but could not explain why the cancellation was never actioned. they were very apologetic but explained that i should log a complaint via email and it would be looked into. i do just that, and after a lot of chasing around and being sold excuses such as "outstanding system issues that prevented the cancellation and were still unresolved" to "not following the correct cancellation procedure so the add on was not cancelled". after a lot of back and forth i grow tired of explanations and just cut to the chase: "can i get a refund of the 17*£9.99 charges that i was not expecting to pay and was informed would be cancelled. please issue to this account {acc info}.". i attached the previous mail that i had received at the time of cancellation, as evidence. they still refused to issue a refund, and instead offered me 1 month of free add on. not acceptable. i did some digging and found their customer services director's email address and cc's him into my response, which read the same as the above email. i received the following reply: "hi doydoy. thanks for contacting us, and apologies for the confusion caused. we will immediately issue a credit to your account for the amount of £170 as a good will gesture. regards, xyz". the reply did no longer have the director listed as a cc, so i guess i scared the normal adviser into action. however, by this point 6 weeks or so had passed since i initially logged my complaint, so i was a little pissed. i responded with: "thanks xyz, i appreciate the good will gesture. however, as i have been incorrectly charged for a service i did not wish for, and a service i had understood to be cancelled, i believe i am entitled to a fill refund of the services paid. as such, please refund the full £169.83 to the same account". i received a very short reply: "i have issued a refund notice which should be processed in 14 working days. thanks". felt bad for the guy who simply forgot to use the correct wording when issuing me with the initial payment, but by this time i was frustrated and just wanted the money. i enjoyed the extra 170 they gave me. tldr: company failed to stop charges to my account, i received a "good will gesture" in place of a refund, pushed for a refund as well as the good will gesture and earned £170 for my efforts. on june 18th, i was rear-ended by a gray dodge ram. i caught it on my dash cam, and the man who hit me appears on the video twice. i got a picture of his insurance card, damage done on both vehicles, and license plates. he told me he would like to take care of this out of pocket, as he didn't want his insurance rates to rise. i was okay with this, i've done it before with no issues. the next week, i sent my truck in for an estimate. up until this, we had been texting back and forth with no issues. i emailed him a copy of the estimate....and communication stopped. after hearing nothing from him for 3 days, i called his insurance and filed a claim, because i'm not about to be jerked around. they came back in the same day, telling me he had stopped paying back in march, and so his insurance had been cancelled. they could not honor the claim. i was furious. i called and texted him relentlessly, with no response. he was not going to pay, and neither was his insurance, despite his insurance card saying it expired july 1. i called my insurance, and even though i was at no fault, i have to pay $500 for repairs (deductible). i immediately went to the denver county court, and filed paperwork for small claims, then on to the sheriff's department to serve him paperwork. the police were no help (shocker). the address he provided on his insurance was falsified, and after telling the deputy 4 times to run his license plates, he finally did. the same address was used to register his vehicle. there was no other way we could find him, and so i was hopeless. i was going to pay for this dickhead's damage, and he was going to get away with it. until this morning, i decided to do a few google searches for "his name, denver". a "ripoff" review popped up - a man with the same name had redone a patio, and did a shitty job at it, fortunately for me. i thought i'd go ahead and call the company. i asked the receptionist for an estimate/consultation to do some yard work, and specifically requested (name of dick face), as "i heard he was great at this stuff". she said he was great at landscaping, so i asked "he's the one who drives the gray dodge truck, right?". she said "yes". my heart stopped. that was all i needed. i called the deputy who was attempting to serve him, and they're currently on their way to serve the paperwork at his company. i fucking found you, you piece of shit, and i'm going to make sure you pay me. the court date is august 12th. i'll see you then. tl;dr - got rear-ended, the dick face was evading payment, and i was better than the police at finding him. also - everyone should own a dash cam. seriously. dash cam footage for you all - this is a long one. i'll make a line below to let you know when the revenge starts, the rest is just back story and justification. i worked as a contractor under a security company for this one business. i was underneath my supervisor "super" from here on out. i was young when i first started working there. it was my first time actually working in a corporate environment for any real length of time. i had no idea how the politics worked, the pecking order and how much like highschool it reminded me. super had "trained" me for that site. i had really just worked with the company to find out what roles needed to be filled and done by security, and i wrote the book for dayshift for that site. i had trained every guard that came through that site. super got the credit of course. super also made mistakes and didn't care about the job. since i don't want to be here all day i'll just list if. if you'd like an explanation just ask down below. screwing up mail and blaming it on me, sleeping on the job and blaming the missed work on "re-training" me, telling the employees of my mistakes and personal life, taking the credit of any work that i did that he could, "not hearing" an exchange between an employee and myself which would have saved me from a write up (this one was the last straw by the way, since it was so clearly bs). and frankly a ton of other mean, condescending, and controlling things in and out of work that he said "was part of the job" which included driving around employees and himself, before and after work. without compensating gas or time. thing was, my complaints went no where, since the client was best friends with super and one of the requirements for our company having the gig was keeping super on. so it was either suck up, or leave. well i needed the job, and the other guards needed a buffer between them and super. related to revenge: i had sold him a broken car (he knew it was broken) for some small sum of money. he had to scrap it, i used that money for this next part. __________________________________________________________ see, super had a problem. he was diabetic. worse than that, he didn't seem to think it was that big of a deal. checked his level maybe once a week. using the money from the car purchase i did the only thing that came to mind. something my father once told me: "when someone makes to mad, kill them with kindness". so that's what i did. using that money i had bought so much candy and sweets, just for him. cookies, jolly ranchers, caramel, soda, recies pieces, fun size, king size, assorted bags, german chocolate. everything. i'd give him as much candy as he would take. and he'd take a lot. see, he doesn't buy candy or unhealthy things normally. but if put on a plate, he'd eat it just the same. i knew this would take a long time, but i had the time and patience to spare. i could wait. it took 2 years before the medical problems started happening. he started going to the doctor more often. would never say what was happening though. he would start to deny my sweet poison, until he saw me enjoying myself. then he couldn't resist. perhaps he was a stress eater, who knows. i had eventually moved to a different position (non-security related), but i still kept in touch with security there. as well as leave my rather large collection of candy for supers consumption. turns out he had to quit working security. turns out he had 40% functionality left of his kidneys. last i heard, he was having extreme numbness/swelling in his feet as well. extreme? perhaps, but perhaps he shouldn't have stuffed his face and taken his disease a bit more serious. the rest of the security team was happy to not have super around, they were now free to do their jobs. that is until the next super (super2) came around. which is another prorevenge tale in and of itself. if people want, i can tell that one as well. [part 2](just an update, i'm still owed my money, but my war isn't totally unsuccessful or over. for those who don't remember, my ex employer took me for about 10k. they converted back salary into shares based by convincing people based on deceitful assumptions and empty promises. i reported them to the cra for tax fraud, because they used sred tax credits incorrectly, essentially using research credits for private profits. i also reported them for every criminal act i could think of and contacted partners to inform them of how deceitful the company is. i have no information on the audit, if it's happening or the progress or outcome. i am not on the loop on that, but the cra did say they would be "randomly" audited shortly. however, given that i don't see the insides of the company i can't say much, i can however say that the big application i wrote for them is no longer in the wild. it appears i've help ensure that the company lost one of it's biggest contracts, and that alone should financially surpass any money they owe me. i ran into the ceo today, and sat down for a informal discussion. he claimed he can't pay me because then he'd have to pay everyone. very much a bullshit claim, and easily worked around. they could partially buy back shares from everyone and work towards being in the clear, but clearly their interest is to horde their money and continue being dishonest scumbags. i will be filing in small claims to reclaim my money, and will try and do another update then, but for now i'd like to at least say that i've done enough damage to the company that paying me would have been the easy solution. everything else is just cake from this point forward. either the audit will fuck them entirely and i'll possibly get my money back, but at least in fucking them i've been successful. the revenge component is done, now i'm just pursuing justice.this time we were providing pa and backline for an african tour. we had a run of a few shows every couple of days. they started off ok, i have a million 'promoter fail' type stories, although not all of them would be suitable for prorevenge. typical african musicians though wanting to soundcheck for 5hours before performing for another 5hours... these are long days, also the level of professionalism that we are all used to goes out the window when you are dealing with inexperienced promoters and label reps who are new to this country and the near clinical way in which we operate. we run things like a military operation. if you think that every gig is run by stoned out roadies who sit watching spinal tap every day on the tourbus, you are mostly mistaken. like i said, we run things strictly on time and we follow safety procedures and everyone on the crew is professional. we struggle when people expect us to lower our standards to theirs. so anyway, we did some shows and the rule for this tour, due to the volatile nature of the events (people in the audience like to stab and kill each other every show so there's a risk of police shutdowns every show). we decide to employ the tactic of payment for the following show at the end of the night. in other words, on show1 we got paid for that show and also the next show2. we turn up for show2 and also get paid for show3 etc... we are at show4 and at the end of the night we couldn't find the promoter, it's a thursday and the next show is in london on the saturday night. no stress, we load out of the venue and i drop a text to the promoter. **me:** "hey, missed you tonight. can you arrange to bank transfer the payment over to me for saturdays show?" no response that night, he must be tired and gone to bed. next day (friday) he calls me up and says he will wire me the money asap. i tell him that i won't be departing for london until 10am on saturday morning (it's a 3hour drive from me), he has until then to transfer me the money or i will assume the show is cancelled. me and the rest of the team agree to call each other around 10am to check if the gig is on... next day, saturday, at 10am i check the bank. no funds, no expectant funds, nothing...zip! we all switch our phones off and have a day out with our respective friends and families. a nice day off! around 4pm, i decide to switch my phone on, i'm coming out of the cinema with my girlfriends. my phone beeps, i glance at the screen. 25missed calls, a dozen answer phone messages and texts from the promoter. just as i'm about to laugh out loud, the phone rings. its the promoter... **promoter:** "hey, so.... ummmm.... where are you?" **me:** "i'm just outside the cinema, on the way to nandos" **promoter:** [laughs nervously] "errr... you do know there's a show tonight right?" **me:** "errrr.... no there's not" i reply, quite reassuringly! **promoter:** "what do you mean? i'm at the venue now with the band. where are you?" **me:** "i'm on my way to nandos for dinner, im 150miles away. the backline and pa is in a truck a further 25miles away. all the crew are having a day off, like i said there is no show tonight". remember how i said we were supplying pa and **backline?** the musicians were stood around onstage with no drums, no keyboards, no amps, no pa system, no techs... not even a cable! the promoter starts stressing big time on the phone to me, pleading with me to rescue the show. i ask him what time the doors are. he says 7:30pm **me:** "ok look, here's the thing. it 'll take me an hour to get to the truck, it's a 3 hour drive to london, it'll take another hour to load in, and another 2hours to setup for your show. it's 4pm now so that means we won't be ready to go for another 10 hours!" **promoter:** "you mean 7 hours?" **me:** "no, because by the time you have personally driven up here to pay me my money before i set off, that's going to be another 3hours, which makes 10". **promoter:** [shellshocked] "oooohhhhhhhh noooooooo" suddenly realising he has fucked up and will have to refund the entire show. i might sound harsh but this promoter has repeatedly tried to screw me and many of my colleagues over many times over the years. he plays up to his 'cheeky little geezer type character. his boss, the head honcho was not happy with him. we turned up for the tuesday show because we got paid in advance on the monday. after tuesday's show we were paid in full for the rest of the tour... a further 10 shows! originally posted on from redditer /u/izzeo -- let's go back to january 2014 - we design a full working website. 15 pages, one of the best pages in our client's immediate area - by far, and that's not because it was our work. he literally had shit competitors. we finish the website, try to get a hold of him and he's traveling for business to find partners and vendors. he asks us to send it live since he'll be meeting a few people and once he makes it back home, he'll send out the invoice. january 20th, we still haven't heard anything back. we e-mail him, nothing. we call him, nothing. we spoof our phone number, instant pickup and he gives us a bs excuse that he's been up to his neck with work but has us on his schedule. february 20th, nothing from said client, we decided to pull down his website after sending him 10 e-mails, calling him 5 times, and sending him 3 warnings. february 20th 9:00 pm, he calls me pissed of that he's in the middle of a conference and hasn't been able to checked his e-mails or phone but a client told him that his website was down - keep in mind we're hosting his website as well. march 15th, we again tried to call him, etc. nothing comes out of it. for this particular client, march to april was the busiest time of year. his website was getting 100+ visitors per day and people were actually using a lead generation form. we again decided to shut it down and he immediatley called us back. "due to the fact that you have disrupted my business multiple times, we're not going to pay. you need to have our website transferred away from your servers and into our servers or we will pursue damages." march 16th, we contact our attorney (a few companies and i partnered up to have an attorney on retainer. $120 per month for free legal services when we need them? not bad at all). the attorney tells us to fuck him, our contract protects us and to simply bring down the site. march 17th, we shut down the website and put a for-sale advertisement on the site. we start to advertise the website on facebook and contact several of his competitors. march 17th, client calls us and tells us that he's getting an attorney and that i'm not authorize to sell his domain name or website "generic-city-keyword.com" that we were going to sell to him, but he never paid. march 18th, competitor in desperate need of clients calls up. he doesn't really have the money up front but he will meet us with a cashier's check for $1,500 and $500 in cash if we can sell it to him. he'll pay us $500 per month for the next 5 months for the rest. march 19th, we transfer the site, and our new client instantly gets a call from a new vendor and he pays us the rest of the money that same day. march 21th, we get a law suit from an attorney. march 27th, we counter sue and go to court. --- attorney business. april 20th, we go to court, ex-client loses. he pays for all our damages and attorney fees and pays us $700 for loss time. present: client has a website tonight page, 0 seo ranking and he has lost a lot of business. his company was one that lived or died through seo services. he lost 4 employees that ended up getting hired by the guy who bought the website. we saw our new client at a chamber event and he couldn't be happier. he was about 8 months from going broke, and now he has a business that is expanding. he does lawn care, christmas light installs, flower shop, pumpkin sales, and christmas tree sales. every season he has something else going on. the website has a page for each of the services and seasons and gets him a bunch of traffic during those times.throwaway, just in case.... a while back, i worked at a pretty large tech company with several branches across the country. at one point, my team had this manager, player. he was an idiot who did not understand any of the technology we supported. he also sucked at managing, any issue was immediately passed to his supervisor to handle. player's boss had requested weekly updates. his peer in our other location would type up summaries of what his techs were working on, projects and the like. player got cc:ed on them, then directly copy/pasted them and would present the same weekly report to the *same* boss! (i mean *really?!?!* did he really think this would fly? what a maroon...) player also hired his incompetent friends. anyway, player had 2 kids by 2 different baby mamas, wasn't married to either of them (this was over 10 years ago and raised a few eyebrows in a corporate environment). we had three females on our team and he situated them in cubicles directly around his cube. player surrounded himself with the female techs like a harem and would joke about it. one of the female techs, newbie, came over from the customer service department and did not feel very secure in her new position, being new and not very technical. newbie was young and very attractive. she lived with her boyfriend pretty far away so she had a long commute to work. player would instant message her frequently saying really smarmy stuff and constantly asking her to stay the night at his place, since her commute was so bad. newbie felt pressured and told me what was happening, showing me the ims. i advised her to go to hr but she refused to do so, she didn't want to rock the boat. we had gone through sexual harassment training, so i knew that i could complain to hr even if the harassment was happening to someone else, but i did not do so at the time as that isn't what newbie wanted. i suffered under this moron's micromanagement for a long time. complaints to the big boss went nowhere because in a large company it is sometimes difficult to get rid of a manager. one day though, player went too far. a gal in a different department came back from maternity leave and was showing off her baby pictures to coworkers. player made a joke "the baby really looks like me, huh?", implying that he was the baby daddy (he was not). oh boy. you bet your ass i complained to hr. i mean really, it was just a matter of time before someone would sue the company because of his actions. shortly after, the big boss announced that player's position had been eliminated. several months after that, i heard that player had a had time finding a job but was now a store manager in retail (quite a step down from his previous position). i'm pretty sure he never worked in tech again, as he has no linkedin profile. justice is sweet. i hope he learned his lesson but jerks like him usually don't. the end.back when i was in college, i used to wait tables to pay the bills. i worked at a high-end restaurant in the "downtown" area serving both lunch and dinner but dinner service was where the bulk of my income came from. because most of the hostesses for were in high school, the managers asked servers to volunteer to host for lunch service which i volunteered to do one day a week. the shift was always shown on our server schedule. one day i came home in the afternoon and had messages on my answering machine from my frantic 19 year old manager asking where i was and saying i was scheduled to hostess. i was surprised because i swore i wasn't scheduled and since it was after lunch service i went in for my dinner shift as scheduled. when i got there, i confirmed i didn’t have a shift marked on the regular schedule but someone pointed out since it was summer and high school was out, the manager created a separate schedule for hostesses and i was scheduled there. i talked to a manager and explained what happened but they sent me home from working my dinner shift anyhow. angry that i was punished something i didn’t feel was my fault and because i was actually volunteering to help out, i took a note to the office the next day saying that since i was not hired to work as a hostess and it was now affecting my income as a server, i did not agree to work anymore hostess shifts. well, turned out, they had me scheduled on a second hostess shift that week which again, i did not know about and didn’t show up for. sure enough they fired me and it was only a couple weeks before i was about to leave on a long summer trip overseas. since i had heard from people in town that the tip out policy for the restaurant requiring us to tip 5% of our tips to the kitchen staff was illegal; i did some research, found out it was, and made a trip to the labor board with a copy of an employee hand book and filed a complaint. took them awhile to go in and investigate but about a year later, i got a check for $2k they had to reimburse me for those tip-outs and found out it cost them a total of over $500k to reimburse all the restaurants' employees (they have to go back 2 years from the time they go in and investigate) and paid a ton of fines. the bonus on top of it all was it turned out they had underage migrants washing dishes when the investigators went in so they got hit with additional violations for that. tl; dr – wrongfully fired so i filed a complaint with the labor board over violations that cost the owner over half a million dollars. edit: since a few people have asked about what state this occurred in etc, i found the following [fact sheet]( from the u.s. department of labor. therefore, it appears this is applicable in all states. &gt; tip pool: the requirement that an employee must retain all tips does not preclude a valid tip pooling or sharing arrangement among employees who customarily and regularly receive tips, such as waiters, waitresses, bellhops, counter personnel (who serve customers), bussers, and service bartenders. a valid tip pool may not include employees who do not customarily and regularly received tips, such as dishwashers, cooks, chefs, and janitors. [first one]( this story isn't as extreme as the last story, at least as far as the revenge goes. however, super2 deserved worse. as i said before i had moved to another job after security. this job was in that building. super1 had told new boss (boss from here on out) not to hire me. that i was lazy, rude, distracted, ect. however, boss had known me for years at this point and known this was not true. i made sure boss did not regret hiring me and took any assignment or overtime he needed covered. all jobs were done when they needed to be done. i was the go to guy in my new job. super1 had gotten sick and left his position. instead of promoting anyone they had hired super2 into the position. literally everyone else in the building knew how to do super2s' job better than he did. come to find out super2 is really just super1 2.0: likes to take naps, pass the blame, ect. ssdd. only super2 had an additional hobby. he like to (allegedly) sexually harass the female guards. multiple, to my knowledge at least 3 by as many guards, complaints were filed with both the company and the sec company's hr. every one of those guards were transferred to another site. at this point the guards that i've trained and worked with still see me as part of the team, i was the lead after all. but there was nothing i could have done, i was no longer working with them. only thing i could do was to let them know to warn the female guards ahead of time, and to keep an eye out. some time after all this, i broke a rule. (my mistake i admit that). i wont get into it because it's far too long for my patience to type out. what is relevant are the below details. * i broke rule * super2 was sleeping during this time * super2 didn't like that i broke rule and made a big deal out of it * i made it a bigger deal. since mutually assured destruction was an acceptable outcome in my book. turns out it reached the c-level. also turns out the c-level cared more about the details of the people responsible for protecting the building than me breaking that rule. i got called into a phone meeting, where super2 boss, my boss, and super2 were on the other end. i was told to drop it by them. my boss knew i was telling the truth, but didn't want to lose me (respect him for looking out). but this is when super2 made it my business. he called me a liar, that everything i dug up, all the evidence, all the forged reports. were all lies. everyone in that room knew the truth, but he called me a liar. i'm a dick, yea. but i'm not a liar by any stretch, and that set me off. see everyone knew me from my days as security, and i knew everyone. from c-level and down to the janitor. i had asked a c that i was friendly with what the deal was. he said there wasn't enough evidence. after showing him what i collected, he says this never made it up to him. i was confused and did some digging. turns out that my boss was a little too trusting of super2's boss. super2's boss liked to keep things to himself, because if super2 looked bad, his boss would look bad. the c-level guy said not to worry, he'd take care of it. a week later super2 was out the door. my evidence, plus some i didn't collect helped put him there. also the security company was told that if they didn't take proper action against super2, then there wouldn't be a contact for them anymore. they ended up losing the contract anyways because they never let the company know about the harassment issues, and that could endanger the employees. currently the super for security is a guy i personally trained and trust. overall a really good guy, if a bit strict, but that's ok. things are better for my old team, and things are better for me since then. i'm not a good story teller so if some things dont makes sense, please let me know. edit: let lose the typos of war.okay technically this wasn't me and more my brother. little bit of backstory: i graduated high school almost a year ago and of course was going to need a part time job to cover my needs and whatever i'll need for college. my brother, who manages a pizza franchise store and supervises a couple stores owned by his boss, told me he can hook me up with a job, but at a corporate store of the same company (he knew the manager.) but i wanted to work at a retail instead of a restaurant so i turned his offer down. i tried applying to jobs for about 2 months but no place hired me simply because i was 17 at the time. with college going to start in a couple of weeks i was desperate and bit the bullet and asked my brother if he can still get me the job. long story short i got it. i liked working for the store that hired me. i would usually cut and roll the dough that they use for the pizzas. i loved cutting and rolling dough. when i would cut with other crew members we would always tell each other crazy stories and shit, and we would always have a great time. after 2 months of cutting and rolling i was just as fast as the people who taught me. we would always challenge each other, and sometime we would also get the manager involved with our fuckery and he would join us. but the problem was it was a bit far away. it takes around a 15 minute drive to get to the store from my house. (sounds like a terrible excuse when some people drive up to an hour to get the their job, but this is part time people.) although i enjoyed that store i felt like the drive wasn't worth it, because there were 3 different other stores that were closer to my house. so i talked to my manager and asked for a transfer to the closest store and i got it. people were sad i was leaving and i was sad i was leaving. it was a great store. but on the bright side i only had waste 5 minutes worth of gas instead of 15. this is the part that just made me angry. at first the new store i was digging. the people seemed nicer. i was getting the usual same amount of hours as the last store, i came in 3 days a week, and work the 3 hours i was scheduled. (sometimes you would stay more if they needed you, and usually they did.) but i started getting screwed about after a month being there. the schedule was being made by the co-managers. there's 2. one is one of the funniest mother fuckers i've ever met. we cut and rolled dough once together and it was fucking hilarious. he used things that weren't meant to cut dough to cut dough. he got a pizza ring that's used mainly as a template for saucing and cheesing pizza sheet outs and went to fucking town. he then got the blade from the dough mixer then started using that shit as fast as he could. he used so a lot of things to cut dough that he really shouldn't be using to cut dough, it was great. he even used a fucking lid of a bin. but the other co-manager? she's garbage. and she was out to get me. the good co needed time off for unknown reasons and all the duties of the co-managers was left to the co-manager that hated my guts. when we would do dough it was dead silent. i couldn't spark a small conversation no matter how hard i tried. the only time i ever talked to her was when i introduced myself. and as it turns out she's the sister-in-law of the manager who hired me. she would only talk to one crew member, and the managers only. (assistants, co's, and actual manager). she is known to send people home early. like really early. she has sent me home after only 2 hours of working. she would send me home right after i finished the dough, instead of teaching me or training me in something else. if she felt like i was going to take more than 2 hours to finish she would send someone to help me so she can send my ass home right after my 2 hours, so i couldn't just take my time. she was the sole person left in charge of arranging the schedule. and apparently her first decision was to only give me 2 days for the entire week. i didn't mind because i was scheduled for 4 hours those days meaning i was going to only lose 1 hour of work that week. but i remembered who she was. i knew i was only going to work for 4 hours the entire week. and i did. luckily i was only scheduled for 2 days that one week. although every week after that i was getting 3 days a week i was still only getting 6 hours work weekly, while in the other store i was getting up to 17. so i called my brother asking him what i should do concerning my co-manager problem. he just told me to talk to the manager. so i did, and she had a word with the co. and what does she do? she schedules me on tuesday, saturday, and sunday. managers have tuesdays and sundays off. tuesdays i can make, because i don't go to school tuesdays, and saturdays were the only days me and the manager go in on the same day, but i was put in closing crew meaning i would get there an hour after the manager has already left. so my complaint only bought me one more hour of work. i couldn't complain to the manager anymore because i would never see her anymore. so i then call up my brother again with the bullshit i'm going through. my brother again suggested the obvious of me going to the store when the manager is there and talk to her again, even if i don't work that day. i then told him about her and my old manager being brothers-in-law. (my old manager knows my brother in case you forgot) and my brother showed his love for me in the greatest of ways. he calls up the manager who hired me and asks if there's any co-managers that could use a better pay check, and that one of the stores, that's only 2 cities away, he supervises needs a co-manager asap. apparently my brothers boss pays his employees a bit more than the corporate stores. so my old manager talked to his terrible sister-in-law, whom i hate btw, about the offer. and after about 2 weeks of her telling the entire store that she's thinking about going to the franchise store she agrees and leaves my store, and goes to the franchise. that's not it my friends. when you transfer from a corporate to a franchise store, you basically have to quit the corporate job then get rehired at the franchise. so she basically quit her job at my store. but it doesn't end there; apparently my brothers boss was thinking on closing and relocating that store because it wasn't earning enough money, and she had no idea. not even the manager of the franchise store had any idea. she was happily working, and earning more money for about 3 months until the store owner decided to bite the bullet and relocated the store. where was he relocating the store to? detroit michigan. we live in california. she was offered the chance to keep her job, but she would have to relocate half-way cross the country, which she refused and got fired. she tried getting her job back at my store and failed. i'm not sure if it was because i spilled a lot of beans on how badly she did her job (which are a lot btw, but this is long enough already.) or if the manager realized that they can do their the job with just one co-manager. she complained to my old manager, who complained to my brother, and he claimed he didn't know that was gonna happen, knowing dawn well it was. i'm not sure what happened to her after that. but i'd like to imagine her getting a shit job, or having to start all over again at the bottom. i didn't know that any of this was going down until i told my brother that she left the store for another one, then he told me. i love you brother. edit: wording edit 2: forgot to put the first edit. edit 3: i understand that what i wrote in the description doesn't make her seem like she deserves it. but i have replied to a comment with more reasons on how bad she was.hey guys, another short story for you all. **the setting:** after finishing basic units in community college, i had transferred to a 4-year university.my family had fallen on hard times, so i had taken up a part-time job to supplement my financial aid. the job was at a cell-phone kiosk located inside of a virtually empty k-mart. it was minimum wage, but it was all i could get at the time. **the target:** $douchebagdan, a regional manager of the kiosk company. this retard considered himself to be the next steve jobs, yet had absolutely zero practical experience in sales or marketing. he wasn't directly abusive, however he made a point of promoting the two douchiest people in the company and assigning them to make everybody else's life a living hell. **the reason:** i could spend hours writing about my time at the kiosk, but ill spare you the boring stuff. let's just say that it got to the point where i carried a pocket-recorder and installed a call-recorder app on my blackberry. even the kmart manager had submitted formal complaints about the attitudes and actions of my immediate superiors. **the last straw** i took a much needed 5-day vacation to go home and visit family. i sat in traffic, 4 members of my immediate family cramped in my small car. my phone rings, and i answer with my bluetooth speaker. &gt;viper: hello? &gt;$manager: what the f***********************************. a few minutes went by with my manager berating me for taking a 5-day vacation; even though he had approved it. i finally hung up on him. my family was mortified. for the first time in my entire life, i saw my grandmother without a smile on her face. i dialed $douchebagdan. &gt;$douchebagdan: hello? &gt;viper: hi $douchebagdan, i need to report abuse from my manager again. &gt;$d: why? &gt;viper: he just called me and berated me for taking a vacation that he had approved. &gt;$douchebagdan: where did you go? &gt;viper: i dont see how that matters. &gt;$douchebagdan: it does, tell me. &gt;viper: i went home to visit my family. &gt;$douchebagdan: for how long? &gt;viper: 5 days &gt;$douchebagdan: you what? &gt;viper: he approved it a month ago. &gt;$douchebagdan: you need to return to the store now. &gt;viper: i'm like 400 miles away. &gt;$douchebagdan: i don't give a f***! you can't take 5 day vacations! the conversation continued to this effect. i could almost see the steam coming out of my grandmother's ears. finally, i ended the call. i was done dealing with it. i drove back to my parents house and pulled out my laptop. i packaged up all of the recordings into a .zip file and called up the company hr. i filed my report and sent off the recordings. the following monday, i woke up to my alarm at 8am. i hadn't heard back from hr yet, so i called them and asked for an update. "it's under investigation" was the answer. i told the hr rep that i wasn't comfortable going to work. i gave them my formal resignation without notice and hung up. a few hours later, i got a call from hr again. they told me they were putting me on "paid leave", and would be in contact soon. another week passed, and i was invited to lunch with the hr manager. **the resolution:** $douchebagdan was fired on the spot. the management under him were heavily audited, and 3 of the 4 were also fired. the audit revealed that one of the managers was committing fraud by creating fake accounts, then selling the "sold" phones on craigslist. further investigation revealed that $douchebagdan was also in on the deal, fudging the numbers wherever he could. both were convicted. $manager was found to have a permanent record of physical violence, one that $douchebagdan had hidden from the hr team; he fell back on drugs and eventually skipped town. i got my job back, and was given the title of "manager" for the few short months that i stayed with the company. **the revenge:** about a year after the incident, i was on linkedin and saw a "people you may know" recommendation. it was $douchebagdan. i checked his profile and was surprised to find that he had found a job as a regional manager for a fairly sizable electronics retailer. that was at least, until somebody sent an anonymous "tip" to his new employer. suddenly, he didn't seem to be employed there anymore. **warning, long and written by a potato with shitty grammar** so this happened during the later stages of the 90's. 1998 to be exact, but i will not disclose the location, or names of the people involved so i can stay compliant with sub rules, as well as a non-disclosure clause i was made to sign after i successfully sued, and won, but more on that later. i was working for a business run by what appeared to be a normal, mom and pop type. after about a month or two of working there it became apparent these mom and pop owner, were in fact, real, shitty assholes. constant belittlement, ranting raving sessions for the slightest mistake, and absolutely cheap to bone when it came to wages. at the same time i was working two job (due to shitty wages) and at my other job there was a union drive happening. i was just out of high school back then, and did not know anything about unions, and the people who were organizing this did not educate anyone. they just threw a card in your face, told you to sign it, then left. i was not actually there for the card signing, i was hired just after the cards had been signed, and this was still a mystery to management. i literally was hired just before the shit hit the fan there. where i live, and at the time, labor laws were set up so 51% of the employees working at a business was all that was required to get a hearing before the labor board regarding certification. when 51% of the signed cards were received at the ministry, an application for certification was faxed to the senior management at the location, detailing all sorts of legal information, i am not sure of all the details. i do know that at that precise moment, no one could be fired, demoted, or have their wages changed, until after the hearing at the labor board where a decision would be made to accept, or reject the application for certification. by this point it turned into a lawyer show, with lawyers from the union and business slugging it out. this happens, the place goes ape shit, literally with middle management and union drivers in screaming matches, it was fucking chaos. but i was not there, i was at my other job, dealing with bullshit i usually dealt with, with the mom and pop operation. a month or two goes by, and the newly organized business settle downs, but there is anger, resentment, and hate bubbling under the surface. lines are being drawn, and you did not want to find yourself on the wrong side. but me, being a fresh faced 18 year old out of high school, and not knowing what the fuck was going on, chose to side with the friendly "manager" who hired me. after all, it was him who gave me my shot, not the organizers of union drive, and the union organizers did nothing to educate me, just threatened me with not wanting to be on the wrong side of the line when the everything was finalized. if i haven't lost you yet, i want to take a moment to say, for the record, i am not anti-union. i am much older now, and time has given me perspective, and i don't always agree with labor, but i know a strong labor movement is healthy as well, another debate, for another time... well the day comes when the pickets go up, and this being a smaller town, the fucking media is there as well. i left my other mom and pop shitty job, and came to work at the newly unionized business i was recently hired at. not knowing what to do, i chose to cross the picket line and go to work. the results of that were to be placed in a group of socially undesirable after the pickets were down, and business resumed. meanwhile, i continue working, both jobs, the mom and pop job getting more and more insufferable each day. most of the workers at the union job won't talk to me, and all this bullshit, from both sides is really beginning to take its toll on a sensitive, dumb as shit, 18 year old kid that just wanted to work, smoke pot, and get laid. then i have an idea! i am done with the mom and pop job, and their fucking bullshit. if a union drive can happen at the one place, why not here? also, and i am littering giggling like a little asian girl at this idea. why don't i get the same union that i crossed at my other job, to unionize this place, and get back in their good graces again? so i call up the guy who lead the original organizing drive, and after a three hour session of coffee and note pads. he agrees to help me out, and the next day i started to hand out cards at the mom and pop business. the union business agents i dealt with could not be involved at this point. legally, the signing of the cards had to be done of everyone's free will, and it had to been brought forth by an employee, not a union rep. they supported me, coached me daily on how i should tackle the problems that were arising, but they would not show up at the business until after the application for certification was officially registered at the ministry. they were adamant about this, but assured me, they would be there, guns ready the moment it happened. well, i got my revenge on these petty, power mad mom and pop losers. the union drive took its toll on all of us, but in the end i could not get enough people to sign, and i was fired. i called the union business agents, and they told me not to worry. the drive was dead, but they were going to sue my former employer on my behalf. what i never told the union was, i always knew the union would fail. it was a smaller business compared to the place where i had crossed the line. the dynamics were way different, and i knew the people at this business, the mom and pop business, really didn't give two shits either way. but this was a way to legally get back at the owners of the mom and pop, and clean my reputation with the union at the same time. this was a small town, and even know i was a dumb 18 year old, i knew this was the kind of thing that would follow me around for ever. i wanted to be on the right side of the union, if i ever needed them in the future. so the union sued them, and won. i got a small settlement out of it, not much money,more satisfaction, and i regained by rep with the union which helped me out many later. tldr got treated like shit, and cross a picket line, figured out a way to get back at the people who treated me like shit, and regain my rep with the union who's line crossed. *edit* for spelling just so you know this story is not mine it belongs to /u/canibalfoodfite in a ask reddit thread not my story. i while ago, i was under a supervisor that was clearly incompetent. he was dangerous to work with, completely lacked the necessary knowledge , abusive to clients, and very abusive to those under his supervision. none of us had even the slightest respect for him. everyone on the crew, at one time or another, had a major blowup with him. he was known for throwing things, and had nearly killed a few people due to his negligent incompetence. finally, one day he began to scream at me over something hilariously petty and i lost my shit. i got in his face and told him exactly what a useless piece of shit he was. going so far as to say "you are the reason i support abortion! your mother could have flushed you down the toilet and made the world a better place!" not one of my proudest moments. it was extremely unprofessional of me. i gave him my badge and told him "i quit! find someone else to exercise your sick need to be abusive and cruel on! i'm not the guy!" i went out to my car, called hr, and let them know that i was leaving the company because "i don't come to work just to be abused. i care about being a good employee, i want to do an excellent job, and i am completely open to critique. i want to learn, and take responsibility for my mistakes, but i don't deserve to be abused." the hr rep offered me "administrative leave" while they do an investigation. i accepted, but made it clear that if my supervisor stayed that i would absolutely not be returning regardless of the circumstances. fortunately, the supervisor above the one that i lost my shit on, the person that usually put his own job on the line to protect my supervisor, was on vacation. everyone else on the crew backed me up, and ratted our supervisor out on all his extreme bulshit. a week and a half later i received a call from the the regional manager. i was informed that i could come back to work if on the upcoming monday, and that my supervisor would not be returning. i accepted and returned to work. they gave me full pay for the time i was gone. i actually got paid for staying home, looking for other jobs, and playing video games. it was pretty sweet justice. i received (deservedly so) a letter of reprimand due to my language and inappropriate statements. worth. tldr: got paid to get my asshat manager firedmore than a few years ago, i used to work at a college that was, quite frankly, a travesty. nonetheless, i worked there helping students. i fancied myself as a bit of a programmer then and worked a deal with one of the students to reprogram his family's website. revamping photos, redoing layout and design, third party tools and services that were free so that they could have the functionality they wanted (for free) without a major spot of programming on a server that wouldn't let them have those services anyway (think super basic web hosting). the works. i did it for a cut-throat rate (cutting my own throat, that is) and after looking at the code, i told him "look, i know you guys did this in front page originally. after i'm done, with the things you want, you won't be able to update it with front page again because you'll break it." i told him this three or four times. he acknowledged it each time and i set to work. back at this time, front page couldn't handle complex code or layouts because anything more complicated than a table was trouble. if you tried to change it with front page, it might look right on the screen but it wouldn't work in the browser so there was no way to know until you saved over the original whether you broke it or not. each phase of the work elicited a great response. i would do a block of work and upload it to the server and he'd pay me. he went in there once to make a small change and totally borked the site. "you used front page, didn't you?" yup. "i'll fix it but it's going to cost you more because i told you not to do that and that starts going into support and maintenance which you don't want. you just want code, design and that's it." he agreed, coughed up the money ($50, whoopee) and then i went about working on the rest of the site. once i finished, however, he withheld the two final payments (about $300) and changed the password to the site so that i couldn't upload the final block of work and couldn't take down anything else i had already uploaded. basically he wanted it something like 90% of the way there and that was good enough for him and it didn't seem to matter much that he was basically stealing. i actually had halfway expected this because he was arrogant and abusive to people most of the time but you can only eat so much ramen before it started to turn your stomach and i was tired of not eating. i counted myself just fine with this for the most part. i mean i had already made a couple hundred off him and his family and it was more than i would have made if i hadn't done it. he didn't know everything on the site yet and hadn't used every part of it. he basically went to the links i sent him, agreed to the work and i moved on to the next part. cue the third party services, my ace in the hole. see, since he couldn't actually change the site anymore without front page totally mucking it up and breaking the whole thing and i had never given him the passwords to the third party services that literally covered his site, i went in and changed the third party content so that it displayed what a thief he was. i considered it fair play and even up. he never noticed. i swear months went buy and he never. even. noticed. eh, no big deal. at some point his family would notice and then he'd either have to explain to them *why* there were notices like that all over the place or have to explain to them how he stiffed me. i considered it done and over with. and on that, it was. i just resolved to never deal with him again unless i had to for work. turns out that i did indeed have to but not for a while. in fact, his abusiveness towards other people disappeared completely for a while and i began to wonder if he'd just turned over a new leaf because, you know, people can do that. i didn't feel one bit sorry for what i'd done, tit for tat. but i wasn't angry at him any more. the school year progressed and i began to feel a little sorry for him because he was starting to have all kinds of problems including with life in general. we ended up chatting once in a while again and he let me know that he was about to get a metric fuckton of old computers that were being retired from the college and wanted to know if i'd build some out of the working spare parts and any other working spare parts left over would be mine. i figured, hell, no way he can screw me on that one so i said sure (after verifying with the college that it was good and legit). so i picked up 16 computers that were old and failing, built about 5 working pcs out of it, delivered them back to him for him to sell. i got a whole footlocker's worth of spare parts (not including cases or power supplies). a few weeks later, he and i had been talking. he had a disability (it wasn't hidden) and there was a piece of software that he'd come into one of the labs to use (i worked multiple departments) that allowed him to finish most of his assignments and was targeted at people with his specific disability. it was something like $5000 at the time and the department head in charge at the time thought it was just fine to leave the install discs on the desks in the computer lab in case the cds were needed for anything. i told him, "look, i know you need this software and i know how much of a royal pain it is for you to bring yourself all the way across campus when you can put that on your laptop and use it in your dorm room. i'm not always there but the cds are on the desk. the lab staff know you and would think nothing of it if you were to bring in your laptop and play with the cd and whatnot." he got what i was trying to say (he said as much). i felt bad for the guy, you know? it didn't require activation, had no product key, etc. i made it clear that he should *not* do this while i was there because while i had no problem pretending that i didn't know he wanted it and would plan to copy it but that i also couldn't and wouldn't turn a blind eye if i caught him. i made that abundantly clear. he nodded and was still pretty grateful that i let him know all the same. about a month passed and he started becoming extremely abusive to everyone again but much worse this time. one particular day, i had had enough when i walked into the room and he started off with "okay, dumbass... blahblahblah-i-don't-remember-the-rest-because-of-all-the-abuse-he-spit-out". my eye actually twitched a few times... i didn't trust him anymore and walked up to the lady in charge of the security of that special software... "look, i know that cost about $5000 per disc and you've got them laying out there for any student to just walk away with." after a brief conversation where i had to actually work to get her to understand this, she finally agreed. a few days later, abusive boy was back in the lab. i nodded at him, he came over... "hey, that lady is going to lock up those cds. if you're going to bring your laptop in and copy it, you should probably bring it tonight. just make sure i"m not in the room." he smiled, and headed out of the room. about 30 minutes later, it was time to close up the lab. i had taken to checking the software every night because "i'll be damned if it's my neck on the line." lo and behold, one of them was missing. i sighed. i knew what he had done. i had told him very specifically to bring his laptop in, not to take the cd out, trying to help the poor guy out, right? the worst part about is that even though i knew it was him, i couldn't just leave knowing that there was a small chance it could have been someone else. i knew well enough that he'd actually bring it back but if it were someone else, it might never come back. i had to report it. i walked up to the main desk and reported the theft, told campus security "yes, i know someone was in that room, i know who it was. i doubt he took it all the same." hey, i wasn't too thrilled with the guy but i wasn't about to pin it on him if i didn't have absolute proof and i didn't know for a fact, just strongly suspected. campus security found him wandering around campus with the disc. he was kicked out of the college (his senior year) within the week with only 3 months left in the school year. turns out that, for various reasons, the money he spent there for classes was wasted because none of those credits were transferable (like i said, the college was a travesty).this is a story i debated whether to put in here or r/pettyrevenge. i decided this had some weight so ill put it here first but like there later on. this happened to me only this week so its nice and fresh in my mind. **backstory:** in need of work i asked around to my friends and then found out through a good friend of a mine that there was a place opening up ideal location and industry for me. i had lengthy chats with the owner of this new franchise that was opening up. i had more business experience than him so i brought them up to speed and went above and beyond helping him out before i was even employed by them as long as i was guaranteed a job. this was a franchise job that was based around commissions i would earn based on clients i would pull in. the job was supposed to start at the beginning of june. i had other commitments but i started shuffling all of them to fit around this job because at least situation wise it was perfect even if the wage was average. june comes around and im still waiting to hear from the owner. **nothing**. i chase him up and get told the franchise is not going ahead. 3 days later its suddenly going ahead again and so its all stations go from the end of july. fair enough delays can happen with new businesses. owner is worried about leaving his high paying job to take over secondary job in the franchise to help out as i would be only employee so i help out and reach out to friends with same skill set as myself so they can take his position and he gets to keep his high paying job. lets call owner d for douche and my friends g1 and g2. **current story:** myself and g1 get hired (no contract yet, important) to start advertising and walking around with flyers to advertise the new franchise. g1 quits their other job because of assurances of shifts/money/work with the franchise. during this advertising we get asked by the local council to move on as its illegal under those laws to do what we were doing but with a permit it would be legal. pass this onto d and move on from the area. g2 was interviewed and promised a job and work that myself and g1 were already doing. they were waiting on schedules and contracts to start but d was delaying and not answering phone calls. after the first venture to advertise i find out from g1 that d has decided to replace her (3 years of study and 4 years of experience) with a 18 year old girl (3 weeks study and no experience) and d has also been ducking my calls about this and the council. this being a job that g1 had left her only source of income for that fell totally down because d likes young **dumb** things (g1 was young and attractive but smart). activate anger stage 1. g2 was not contacted at all for weeks until the same afternoon that g1 was let go. telling her after guaranteeing a job, that she would not be able to work for them after all and apparently d was relying on me to fill shifts with the young dumb thing. all of this he was doing behind my back after i had gone out of my way so many times to help him including getting these girls on board and us putting many things on hold to help him. anger stage 2. before i had found out what he had done to g1 and g2 d had tried to get me to do the exact same thing with the flyers in a close region. i had protested as i had already been asked to leave the area before and d responded with &gt; whats the worst they could do? send me a letter? he was pushing very hard so i went and looked up the law. i found out going back there especially after a warning i could be fined $5000 if not be criminally prosecuted. i told d of this and he attempted to force me to still do this work but of course would not do it himself. kaioken x10 finally, i find out about all above situations and then also notice that he has been out working for his franchise. d, knowing im supporting a sick partner and struggling financially and even after going out of my way for months to help his business out and him as an individual (with no pay) he had decided to take every shift where a client could sign up and get commission which of course went straight into his pocket when he was already well off from his other job and refused to let me on board to do these other shifts. (cutting me out of hundreds of dollars) super saiyan. so for the revenge. * with the work he had tried to force me into i have all the copies of d's marketing materials he would use to encourage business for the future weeks. instead of blasting him about his unprofessional ism and general doucheyness i decided to email him i got a better job with better benefits and that i would be passing all marketing material onto g1 so she could keep encouraging business for him. (of course i 'dont know' at this stage he's been a horrible douche to g1 and go rid of her) he's faced with the choice of either having to personally confront her face to face after being a major dick to her or he looses thousands of dollars of marketing flyers and material. * i am a member of a close knit community within my industry and immediately put out an apb that this owner was a dick and noone should work for him in any fashion and should in fact encourage others to stay away from him. (community is well respected and known within industry) also should put out a notice to any potential clients or recent sign ups that they are likely to get messed around and treated poorly by said owner despite staffs best intentions. last thing you need right as your trying to get a franchise off the ground end to even break even (which i do know d was having trouble doing) * my favorite part of the revenge. the friend i heard about this job from attends the same religious community that d does. i took great satisfaction in informing this friend of every single one of d's antics and attitude including screencaps of him encouraging me to perform illegal activities and him not caring about me being fined etc. this friend is highly respected within his religious community and took it upon himself to inform the 'elders' of the community of how d is not acting within any of the guidelines of the community and will be severely reprimanded, if not excommunicated. this is also his entire network of personal friends who now get to find out just how poorly he treats those he would be responsible for. i would i have liked to do more but at least for now it will suffice. tl:dr franchise owner fucks me and my friends around after hours of unpaid work and so i go out of my way to ruin his reputation within the industry as well as within his personal reputation within his church community.there's a disabled man (cerebral palsy) that lived in my town up until recently who uses his disability to make his living. he sued several local businesses for ada violations, even if he never bothered to enter the some of the stores. some settled their suits and paid him a nuisance settlement with an agreement for him not to come back, other smaller businesses just closed their doors and everyone was out of work. he sued the business i work for, even though it was a new location and completely inspected and certified as ada accessible by the state. we decided to fight him to the bitter end. early on, we counter sued for our costs in the event we prevailed which is a common practice in cases like this. the case got nasty; he'd come in ranting, cursing, and literally screaming at me, all a part of trying to provoke me into saying something that would help his case while he was video recording the encounters. throughout the ordeal, he had an almost sociopathic attitude and we finally trespass warned him from the property. that didn't stop him from coming in and he wound up going to jail twice for trespassing. the case continued and we finally went into depositions where our lawyer ripped his case to shreds. he freely admitted he had sued us wanting a settlement and didn't expect us to fight him. the case continued to progress through time until we finally filed a motion for summary judgement. we won. the case was thrown out and we were awarded a judgement for our costs (which were covered by our insurance) totaling $85,000. the revenge: he moved to a nearby town where he continues suing businesses. i set up a google news alert for his name. he sued another business, the regional paper picked it up in their "legal briefs" column. i got the email and wasted no time calling my attorney and then the defendant involved to offer my help. here's how we worked it: our attorney filed a motion to assume his case using our judgement as a vested interest in the outcome of his case. the court agreed and we took his case over, and then immediately settled it for $10. there wasn't a damn thing he or his shit-house lawyer could do about it. he can expect this 8,499 more times before we quit, and i'm determined to follow through with it. it brings me joy to put effort into ruining his little shit game.i used to do freelance translating work a few years ago, and i finished a project for 1,200 word technical manual for an indian client that had good reviews on their industry profile (proz). now normally payment for freelance translations can range between 30 to 60 days, and under my contract they had 60 days to pay for the amount. fast forward to 65th day since i delivered the project, and i didn't hear anything from them. after multiple phone calls, e-mails, and skype messages, i received no word from the client so i decided to give up, write a negative review on proz, and move on. after about 6 months i get an e-mail from the same company asking me to complete another translation project, i guess they had forgotten about me. "now here's an opportunity," i thought. i took on the assignment, completed it on time, except when it was time to send in the assignment i didn't, and waited. surely enough a couple hours from the deadline the translation company was frantically trying to reach me, sending multiple e-mails and even going so far as trying to call my american number. they were freaking out because the project was due for their client on that very same day, and if they didn't get it they would lose their business with them. i gladly responded, saying that "hey, remember that freelancer you stood up 6 months ago, yeah that's me. i have your project ready to go, but you need to pay me for my previous work plus interest, as well as for this assignment before you get this project." and what do you know, the money was in my account half an hour later.i was recently fired as a trainee bus driver after clipping a tree with a side mirror pulling into a bus stop. this is something even experienced drivers do, which were my bosses exact words. two days later i was told i was being let go because of my unsafe approach to bus stops as evidenced by the mirror incident, and that the company "wasn't a training organisation, and didn't have the resources to waste training me" (even though i was explicitly hired as a trainee). so, the company i worked for is a subcontractor to the local city councils and school services, and provides contract based fill-in type work. since being fired, between looking for new jobs, i've been posting complaints to the coordinating body that manages all the little bus companies in the region. about the state of the busses uncleanliness, unsafe traffic behaviour, rude and surly drivers, and similar. just found out my former company missed out on 7 new school contracts and has not had 3 route service contracts renewed for the new year. the operations manager who fired me has not had *his* contract renewed for failing to maintain the standards of service and the spike in customer complaints. spiteful? you bet! lesson for next time; it's better to have me inside pissing out, rather than outside pissing in.this story just came recently in from my friend in korea. he started working at a consulting firm, which specialized in helping foreign businesses enter the korean market. they also claimed to be experts at seo. when he told me about this job i googled the company. what i found shocking was if i typed the name of the company into google it was several pages until i found there website. i thought to myself...how the fuck does a company who says they are marketing genius unable to make their website shows up on the first page of a google search for their name. also they had offered my friend a very high salary of $8,000 per month which was unusual and very high. and i asked my friend to dig into this company and see whats up. i left it there, well my friend didn't. he did some digging and discovered that the company was funneling money from the korean army from into his bank account then laundering. my friend thought to himself "i really need this $8,000 so i'll stick around" my friend didn't particularly care that this company was breaking the law. he just wanted his money. but in the mean time he did some digging and found some proof. guy was basically funneling 150-200k a month through this company. his employees where just a front. then came payday...and guess who didn't get paid? my buddy!!! he approached his boss and basically said "pay me" guy kept beating around the bush. my friend set a deadline 10 days after payday he was to be paid or he was going report this company (he didn't threaten the last part) and come the 11th day he contacted a government agency specializing in fraud investigations, he walked into their office and dropped off all the evidence and proof he had. which was substantial. everything from receipts, to emails, etc he had everything. long story short my buddy former boss went to prison. he was ordered to pay back all the money he had stolen. and guess who stole it? his business partner who they haven't be able to locate (they suspect he went to china) and now not only does he have a prison sentence. he also has a judgement of about $1.5 million dollars from the korean government...korea still has debtor prisons. my friend confided in me his game plan was to get that $8,000 and then quit and forget this company ever existed. just some added info it was a company of 4 people * ceo * hot sectary (who apparently the ceo was banging) * 2 senior marketing executives (one of them was my buddy) heres the thing...those 2 senior "executives" one of whom was my friend...didn't have any marketing experience or education. one of them didn't even speak korean!greetings, first post on reddit. i work for a direct lending company in loan origination. this job is almost 100% commission and getting paid relies heavily on me guiding potential borrowers through the application process and babysitting their app through the funding stage. the money can be great; the only drawback is long hours and a lot of time wasted on absolute shit leads. the leads come from online sources and are weeded out through our jr. sales (basically low level, low skill selling), who's primary job function is to transfer interested parties to us licensed officers. this can lead to what could be considered a minor conflict of interest. the jr.'s goal is to have as many transfers as possible.... resulting in low quality transfers (people who were either tricked or not that serious and only want market rates and to say bye). needless to say, some of the jr.s send over some junk ass leads on a constant basis. i'm talking mainly about using deception or dishonesty to trick borrowers into speaking with me. this wastes my time and leads to many unpleasant and pointless conversations. time is money. after several attempts to remedy this through their dept. managers, i decided to get even. this is my paycheck you're starting to really fuck with here. i found out their personal phone numbers using my company directory and sent some inquiries to our lending partners stating they wanted information on refinancing. by 'some' i mean 'a lot'. and by 'a lot' i mean every single partner i've ever dealt with in the past. for any reference on how annoying this can turn out to be, go on lowermybills.com and enter in your name and phone #. within seconds the calls will start. and they won't stop until you answer every. single. company that ends up getting your info and asking to have your number taken off the list. lowermybills.com is just one of our partners. we have seven in total. tl;dr - coworkers in another department send me shitty leads to boost their daily numbers, fucking me over, so i get them some numbers of their own. enjoy changing your phone numbers, guys. be a little more ethical in the future. edit: i just noticed i left out a pretty important part, which is the fact that since the leads went through our partners, they were sent to our systems, leading the jr.s to unwittingly autodial their own cellphones a couple of times. they're bothering themselves. so a few weeks back i sort of got a 2 for 1 deal on revenge, but to explain how i need to give a little backstory. the first asshole i met in college. asshole classmate. he was in my major. he was the laziest asshole ever. our department was lacking students so they allowed him into the program to avoid budget cuts. anyone unfortunate enough to get stuck with asshole classmate on a group project was pretty much doomed to do the whole project themselves. it was a project built for a group of people to complete in a month. being in his group was an automatic c. he never did work, and in my case, managed to lose all of our work after taking it home to copy it. despite contributing literally nothing, he felt entitled to put his name on the project, and display it in his portfolio. if he wasn't allowed to get his way, (we stopped letting him sign his name on our projects, he failed senior and junior year), he badmouthed you and threatened to call all of your future employers. my senior year at that school i got a job in my field. it was honestly just a crappy job that was marginally better than the unpaid externships we're expected to do. i had a crappy boss, asshole boss. he had me do all the dumb office stuff like make him coffee, and complain that i was bad at it (i don't drink coffee). he was the typical spoiled brat son inheriting a company from his dad. he was fond of reminding me that if he knew how to use the software and the tools i did, he could also do my job, and that he was learning how so that he could get rid of my position. to the revenge. i'm out of school, i got a much better job offer, so i politely told him to go eat a dick. of course i got fired for insubordination, but i get that sweet unemployment pay until my next job kicks in. he fired me at an inconvenient time for his company. their biggest company is expecting prototypes from us. four of them. no one knows how to do them aside from me. their customer will be there in three weeks. in a panic, nice supervisor asks if i know anyone that can do job. i check facebook, asshole classmate is still unemployed. i tell him to apply. he thanks me profusely. nice supervisor thanks me profusely. asshole classmate goes to interview with asshole boss, proceeds to badmouth me. claims he carried me the whole way in college. i check his online portfolio, my projects are on there with my watermark still on them. asshole boss hires him. their customer comes in one week from today. nothing has been done. asshole classmate calls in sick too much. nice supervisor calls me to tell me she is quitting because asshole boss is taking out his anger on everyone. asshole classmate complains that no one appreciates him. that customer has been waiting for that prototype for 3 months. he is over 70% of their current business, and is not happy with them. they will possibly go out of business because of this. also, i got my friend who is an attorney to send asshole classmate a cease and desist letter to take my work off of his portfolio. i posted that letter as well as screenshots of him stealing my work on our field's professional network. good luck getting a job now.to start off, i don't consider revenge a suitable form of action and a more suitable resolution should always be attempted first, if not a few times, but at some point revenge is morally right. or more fun, your choice.. so here's my story. a few years ago in college i managed to get my first internship (for engineering). i wont say where i was hired, but it was a manufacturing plant of a sort. needless to say i was quite green to the field and young, but excited. several interns were hired, but my position was different. while all the other interns were put in the engineering offices, i was put in a small office on the floor with some seasoned supervisors, none of whom where even in my field. {before you read on, please note that i ended my rotation on a great note. i had saved the company thousands more a year than it cost to have me there, implemented a new product procedure, stunned management at my presentations and even left with an informal job offer!} i was essentially thrown to the dogs to learn processes that no one in the plant knew all the steps to and i had 3 days to learn them from the past intern, all while trying to attend mandated tours/meetings/etc [i ended up writing a 12 page paper on how to perform that one duty]. due to all this mess, i managed to get myself put into the engineering office, but i had missed all the "getting to know you" events with the engineers due to my responsibilities getting back on track, my supervisor was a young guy who started as an engineering intern and after graduation went through a fast track program to become the department supervisor. now in comes becky (name changed) my manager had informed me to ignore her requests and has been in obvious confrontations with her, but he out ranked her and for most arguments was typically in the right. she hated him. remember the "responsibilities" i mentioned earlier? well they required me, an intern mind you, to light a fire under the engineer's butts to get them to push paperwork through. this created a mild animosity from the engineering department towards my intern position and me, especially from becky who was notorious to the floor supervisors for not only being a "jerk" but never doing her paperwork. she was also notorious for talking behind peoples backs, etc etc. i was given a new engineering supervisor and when my new desk was placed in her area she immediately assumed that i was there to do her work and that she could make me miserable. during the first few weeks i had no issues helping her out and learning as much as i could, i frequently asked her if she needed help, but then it became abusive... im not sure if it was that i had to pester her to do her job when i had my old "responsibilities" or that i didn't take peoples sh!% when they just wanted to sh!% on someone or that she had a bad relationship with my supervisor who outranked her. either way she started talking behind my back to the other interns when i wasn't there. i was informed that she would get off the phone with me when i was on the floor doing her job and tilt her head back exclaiming out loud how i don't do any work. she would talk down to me and treat me like i was stupid simply because i would ask her how she wanted me to do the tasks she requested. i was given a many tasks that were performed by other interns and were strait forward, but once completed she would yell at me for not doing them how she wanted. i was given many tasks with no instructions or a lack of important details just so she could complain that i was doing things wrong. doing her job wrong. the breaking point was when i had a month left of my rotation. another intern left a month early so that she could secretly start a different internship (she claimed she went to summer school). the desk i was given in the engineering department was so tiny that i had to use spare tables in other rooms to keep all my work in order, so i requested to take the other interns large desk and my supervisor approved. after watching me run around the building after i had clocked out to get all my things on the new desk and have everything set up becky didn't say a word. the next day i came in to an email from her telling me i was out of line to move my things without her consent (mind you she had no authority over me and was one of 20 engineers in the office) and told me to move my things back. i went to my supervisor and asked what the issue was, but becky had already yelled numerous lies about my desk migration and i was forced back to what people had dubbed "the lonely island". that very same day becky had the gull to bring me to her desk and explain she had was in charge of a new product and that i needed to come in 2 hours early for the rest of my rotation to over see its manufacturing and record its data. she stressed it's importance for her and that this was "my" way of making things up to her. i had my opening. i agreed and started coming in early, but "missing" my data points. at first i didn't directly mess up her data but i didnt try very hard either. eventually some of her prototypes got lost in a mess of literally thousands of others due to the floor-men not paying attention, i sure as hell didn't check the logs to find them. then the last week i was there i over heard her hyping up her new product, how great it was and how shes really been "helping batmans_secret learn what engineering really is" and she "took me under her wing" when in reality she hadn't talked to me for weeks. at this point all my data went missing. the backup file was corrupt and after she presented my presentation as her own, she was swiftly taken to the head of engineering's office and much noise ensued. i apologize if this was long and wordy but i still left out many many details of the backhanded things she did to me. another one off the top of my mind is that she invited all the interns except for me to many after work gatherings, and even talked about it in front of me. back when i was 15, i got a job working at a breakfast restaurant. i didn't really like it compared to my summer job, but i wanted to make money during the school year so my choices are limited. my boss paid me below minimum wage, but the bus boys would get a very small percentage of the waiters's tips. after that, i would usually end up getting paid around $7-8 an hour, but i always felt it was kind of cheesy because the waiters would make at least $150 in tips, and because i knew my boss was quite well off because he drove a nice car, his son drove a nice car, and his daughter that i went to school with, drove a nice car. now the money that would compensate for my wage was called "tip share" and i would pick up the previous day's tip share after each shift. at first, i would always get paid what my tip share was, or rounded to the next dollar. as time went on though, things got more screwy. our boss started pinching pennies where ever he could, and i got yelled at once because i was throwing away still wrapped straws that were still on the table. ok, fine, these straws literally cost less than a penny each and it's more trouble that it's worth to save them, but whatever i did it anyways because i was told to. i then noticed that i would get shorted a few cents on my tip share though. for example, if my tip share was $17.67, i would only get $17.60. this started to bug me for obvious reasons, but i didn't say anything about it. it got worse though. one day, my tip share was something like $23.51, and i only got $23. i then said "my tip share is $23.51" but then the manager giving me my tip share quickly walked out of the room while saying "oh, sorry i don't have 51 cents." after that, even if the tip share was a few cents short, i would stick it to them and make them pay it. the first time i did this to my boss, he made me feel like i was begging for change. this went back and forth until i eventually got sick of it, and quit. i felt so defeated and hopeless. that's when i discovered tripadvisor.com though. for those of you who don't know, trip advisor is a website that is open for anyone to leave a review on a restaurant, attraction, etc. this restaurant i worked for was in the top ten out of 300 restaurant in my city, so you could say it was pretty highly rated. this is where my revenge starts to take shape. i realize that creating an account and posting one bad review with my new account will accomplish nothing. i needed a reputation, or reputations. i created 30 different accounts, and i started to slowly building up reputations. with these 30 different accounts, i made fake reviews, some good, some bad (i only did bad reviews on other places where the general consensus was that they sucked) and it took me a year or two to make everything seem normal, and i varied the amount of reviews each account made. by this time, my boss had actually expanded and had a second restaurant in a different location of the same name. i wrecked havoc on both of them, leaving around 15 1-2 star reviews on each restaurant. after i did this, more 1-2 star reviews started showing up that i didn't even write! the newest restaurant that my boss opened up ended up closing down, and out of curiosity, i went by the restaurant that was still open in a sunday morning. the restaurant was a breakfast place, so sunday morning was the busiest day of the week because everyone would go out to eat after church. it was nearly dead. i counted 4 cars in the parking lot. i don't think i've ever felt more satisfied in my whole life.i worked for a software company as a qa test lead. the company really liked me and i went from a general assistant to a test lead and tripled my pay in the space of the first 2 and a half years i was there. i have a strong work ethic and my opinion held a lot of weight 4 years in when i was leaving to pursue other ventures. my last manager there, who we called 'half day hambly' (not his real last name, but similar) because he had a habit of disappearing after lunch on thursdays and fridays. none of us minded too much since when he was there he liked to 'shoulder surf' and micromanage projects where he knew absolutely nothing and generally made an ass of himself. he was known for forcing projects off track and then blaming the platform programmers for the stall; he had no problems tossing people under the bus to give the appearance that he was competent. right before i left, i had to have minor outpatient surgery and i stopped by his office to let him know that i would need to work from home for a few days afterward, which was a routine occurrence in my department and i had done it on a couple of occasions. he agreed and i went about my business until he informed me after i put in 30 hours from home while recovering that i would need to use comp time to cover my missed hours. i went to him and reminded him of the fact that he ok'd it and he gave me a 'fuck you' smile and said 'well, i guess you should have put it in an email.' so, the following week, when i did my exit interview with hr on my last day i unloaded on them and told them all about halfday hambly's adventures in mismanagement and how he regularly skipped out after lunch to go play golf on thursdays and fridays. the hr manager i spoke with tried calling his office to bring him down right then but got no answer. he asked me if i'd go by his office and bring him down but when i went up, i found his office locked and no one answered the door. the look on the hr managers face was priceless when i told him this as it was 1:30pm on friday when this happened. the hr manager had my check adjusted for me, wished me luck and i left with a smile on my face knowing i had outed this asshole. 2 weeks later, my good friend and coworker called me up to say 'guess who they just fired!' hr started watching old 'halfday' after i left and determined his caliber of excellence would serve him best somewhere else.i worked security for two years with a company, and before that i had worked a year at another security company, so i can say with confidence the general attitude is that we're in this together being contractors, so security officers stick together. maybe not a thin blue (tan?) line like police, but we definitely looked after each other. one coworker at a site i stayed at for about a year wasn't like that though. she straight up told everybody that her job was to man the computer and interact with the people coming and going from the guard shack. she didn't even do those two tasks particularly well, since there were numerous complaints about her attitude with guests and another coworker who turned into a good friend of mine was always having to correct her work. she refused to make small talk as well, which might have suited the customer's security guy fine, but kinda chafed with us other guards. our site supervisors had to twist her arm to get her to accept overtime or even go out on patrol, and any time there was a lull she was on her phone, flagrantly breaking the rules in front of the cameras. she had even (allegedly but i wouldn't put it past her) admitted to my friend that if she ever had the chance to screw someone else to make herself look good she would. calling her a cunt would be an insult to female reproductive organs as she lacked the warmth and depth. she was in good with the upper management of our company, however, so she got away with being a really shitty desk clerk. one of our myriad duties as security officers at that site was to ensure a plethora of keys were properly controlled and accounted for. this mostly meant making sure people signed them out properly and filling out a spreadsheet at the start of each shift. well one evening i'm pulling a 12 hour shift, so i'm there in the middle of second shift, which my friend worked the desk. for whatever reason he was going through the key box, when lo and behold a key was missing. looking through the log there wasn't a concrete entry for it, but we had suspicion on one entry early in first shift, so it likely had been out since that morning. well coworker one stays till an hour into second shift, so she generally got a few reports done before she left. as it turned out she had listed said key as being in the key box when she checked. once this was realized both coworker 2 and i had shit-eating, cheshire cat grins on our faces. of course we had to make it look official, so since i was going to be taking over the desk when coworker 2 left it would be down to me. i'm not much of an actor, but i really nailed the surprised concern with my third shift partner as i discovered the key was missing, checked the logs, and then checked coworker 1's sheet. of course a missing key required an incident report, and i did not hold back. i attached a copy of the log sheet and the key report, which had coworker 1's initials and the time she filled out the report. i also had to inform first shift about the report in turnover, but fortunately coworker 1 came in an hour after first shift started. that incident report was the last straw, and last i heard about it they were going to replace coworker 1, but i left that post about two months later and was fired just last week for unrelated reasons. i think i earned the slight fear of a few of the other guards thanks to that. and to head off such comments: i'm not a blue falcon. were it anyone else i would have let the client contact do the legwork on investigating, and i'm sure it would have called for a reprimand, but since she had a history of screwing up paperwork i think it was just the final nail in the coffin. i also am not normally that vicious, but by that point i was fucking done with that site for several other reasons, so that was me getting some anger out. but boy did it feel good.i work for a corporation we had three companies: * company a (think low end) * company b (medium end) * company c (high end) all in the same industry, just at different quality standards/price points. each company was different and each company had similar names but where divided. now if you worked for company b like i did you couldn't sell company a or c products. and the same for everyone else. pretty much if you worked for the company you knew this but our consumers didn't, which was good cause it didn't confuse customers. then one day a bright eye ceo who should of never been a ceo decided he wanted all the company under one name! at first we thought this was a great idea. this obviously meant we could all sell each other products and offer more choices to our consumers right? well...no the sales people in a, b, c and could only sell their respective products...even though all three of them worked for the new company called company d. this pissed a lot of people off. ceo said "fuck it and went through with it" so i created numerous fake emails, and profiles and began inquiring on different products with sales people i knew couldn't sell that product, i would then escalate this compliant up to their supervisors, supervisor, supervisor until i would finally get to the ceo. at which point i would proceed to inquire again...why in the world would he do this. (keep in mind i had inside knowledge on our structure so climbing the ranks was easier) i then cited false advertising and various other laws and told the ceo unless i could work with that particular sales person (same from company b on company a product) i would sue, i did this across maybe 20~ accounts keeping each one fresh (i was a busy man) and then i pulled out my ace card, during this time i had become good drinking buddies with a consumer law lawyer (luck of the draw) and he wrote up a draft and sent it to my ceo outlying the potential law suit. the policy changed, we are still under company d but i now have the rights to sell any product to any consumer under our roof. know what the hardest part of this whole ordeal was? i was in a meeting with the ceo and he posted 8 or 9 complaints, and the lawyer letter and discussed it and explained his reasons for the change in policy. i had the biggest shit eating grin on my face cause every single one of the emails we discussed was in fact me. after the meeting i asked the ceo "so did any of those consumers convert to sales?" he goes "strangely enough no" i shook my head and said "thats a real shame" it's been quite some time since this change occurred, no one besides my wife (who helped me) even knows what i did. not only that our company is stronger then ever. turns out re branding was really smart because we consolidated our marketing resources, cleared up customer confusion, our sales people can make more money, and our consumers have a greater range of selection. i took a job as it assistant for a local firm and the boss (it manager) we shall call him pa for passive aggressive or positively arrogant if you prefer. pa had been with the company for about 17 years. during this time he wrote a custom web solution involving thousands of files, as well as a hardware solution that was almost completely lacking in documentation let alone adequate documentation. i should have suspected something was up when he took me into a server room with a sea of ethernet cables labeled only on one end leading into various holes in the wall. when i asked what was the meaning of the cryptic numbers on the cables (a1- a4 for example) and was referred to topical map with only eight numbers and nothing else i knew i was in trouble. at least he made an attempt to write some wikis about how to do this or that but they were so vague all they would do was serve for his reminders but would not work for anyone else. before me he had hired a procession of assistants only to have them let go for "no rhyme nor reason" according to a co-worker. he would belittle me for taking so long to do tasks telling me i should take "calculated risks" about what i was supposed to do but programmers are taught to be thorough and to not take risks with company data by doing things you are not sure of. he would be rude and insulting when had no time to guide me or help me understand his custom system. i have to admit his code was great but his attitude was guaranteed to put anyone off from wanting to ask him anything. towards the end of the job there i was so stressed out it was literally killing me. people would remark that i looked white as a sheet and ready to drop. i could not sleep at night and i had to crawl to the bathroom because i would black out trying to walk at night. well after a year he decided he was going to take a vacation and leave everything to me for a month. he also sprung on me an unannounced project of importing data to be done in two and a half hours on the first monday after he left. the data import alone took about four hours so how in the hell he thought i could do this huge data import in the time expected was beyond me. the day i was let go he told me that i was not a good fit for the company and they let me go with severance pay which was nice but during the interview he cited three projects i did not get done in time and after i left i realized that one of them was a project he told me to stop working on, and another was a project to upgrade some software they had spent money on but i discovered bugs in the software and was told to not install it till the bugs were fixed. it took the makers of the software six weeks to fix the bugs and i got commendation from them and the president of the company i worked at for being very helpful in tracking down the bugs. after i got home i realized pa let me go blaming me for late projects he told me to delay on! i also began to remember all the insulting things he said and i began to figure it out. this delay in figuring out what happened is a feature of ptsd. i was friends with the owner of the company and i wrote him an email about the issues. i told him how he keeps hiring people to do it assistant yet required them to already know the custom system he built over a period of 17 years. i mentioned how he refused to help new hires familiarized themselves with the code - heck it was only after 10 months that i was given access to the code to even look at! i asked him if he didn't find it suspicious that he would hire someone, go on a large vacation, then come back and fire them. i said "how many assistant it persons has companyname gone through and how many more will companyname go through before they realize that the person they are looking for does not exist and start to insist that pa teach the new hire the ropes? it was right after this that pa was told that no new hires would be accepted and that new coding would have to be done out of house - aka hire contract programmers. none in the area wanted to touch the project so they ended up hiring a team from india. pa possibly because he lacked interpersonal skills got so frustrated having to explain what code he wanted was supposed to do finally quit with the statement "i'm tired of all the bs". he now works as a programmer elsewhere but thankfully he is not supervising anyone else. ps: in case the revenge was missed ... he ended up with a job that had less prestige, less pay, no underlings to abuse like he did others. it was a job that they frequently offered to college students for $10-12.50 an hour. i don't know what he got before but i know it was good enough for him to take a month vacation in vietnam. it caused him difficulty, it made me feel somewhat better and somewhat vindicated and a hell of a lot better to know he would not be able to mistreat another person. tldr: manager refuses to manage and train ends up frustrated into quitting after i point out his lack of performance to the owner after i was let go.posted on obvious throwaway account. my main account is tied into my personal information and business, forgive vagueness here as i don't want any repercussions. back in college, i got very interested in a business, which i'll call widgeting. it was closely associated with my major, and i studied it at length, coming up with an idea which i felt could revolutionize widgeting, which was fairly stagnant. the problem is, widgeting is a small field, governed by a good old boy's network, and rarely does anyone get in who isn't a relative of existing widgeters. i was doubly unlikely to break in because i was a woman. knowing this, i got a sales job out of college which supplied, among other things, widgeters. this put me in close contact with a number of widgeters, and let me feel out better if my ideas would fit as well as i originally thought. increasingly confident in my idea, i was asked to run the stand for widget supply company at a trade show. while there, i met the man who had just taken over ownership of widgeting usa, easily one of the most renowned companies.mr. doe was younger, and i had read a local interview with him where he was talking about embracing new ideas. he seemed a great pitch for my idea, which i had on my personal laptop. earlier, i had been in a conversation with several other people and mr. doe, so we had established a contact. then that evening, mr. doe and i were on the same elevator as a few other people, and we started friendly chatting about his business etc. i'm looking to move conversation to my idea when others get off the elevator, leaving mr. doe and i alone. he instantly started getting aggressively grabby on me, touching me inappropriately, and saying that i should come up to his hotel room. i push him off and tell him i'm not interested, and he shoves me back, and sort of gets aggressive, then gets off the elevator and stomps away. the next morning, i'm at the trade show talking to another vendor, who calls over to mr. doe. he asks if we have met, and i say yes, mr. doe says no. as he turns to leave, he leans in and says quietly enough for only i to hear "i don't bother remembering women unless they've had my dick in their mouth." later, i start hearing stories from other people of similar assaults and issues with women who have done business with him or had social contact with him. no one had pursued criminal charges, but he had a reputation i wasn't aware of as a creep. flash forward a bit, and i meet a group interested in investing in their own widgeting company. i pitch them my idea, they loves it, and we move forward with me as a partial partner. my idea actually works well, and we are making a name for ourselves as a young company. my business partners and i are invited to a city event which is semi formal. arriving there, i see mr. doe in the corner, holding his wife's hand. i manage to avoid him for most of the night, but i find myself fixing my lipstick in the bathroom mirror when mr. doe's wife comes up beside me. i couldn't resist. i asked if she was mrs. doe, and she says that she is, and asks if we had met. i tell he we hadn't, but i met her husband. we're making pleasant talk social talk and walk back out together, and mr. doe comes over to us. he introduces himself, and i say that we've met. i give my name and that i am one of the partners at new widgeting co. at this point he starts sort of schmoozing me, saying he has heard of me, and that i was behind the business plan. he is really impressed at how well it is working, but thinks it would work better on a larger scale. if i want to jump ship to an established company, he could use some new blood and fresh ideas. after a bit of this, he asks where we met before, as he can't place me, but he never forgets a face. with his wife standing there, i tell him that we met at x trade show in smarch of 2009. there's a moment of realization on his face, and not able to resist, i turn to his wife. "it's not surprising he can't remember me. he told me then that he only remembers women if they've had his dick in their mouth." i quickly make my leave, and watch from across the room as his wife and he have a minor confrontation in the corner. no raised voices, but a lot of gesturing, wide eyed head shaking, ending in tears on her part. they left the party early. a few days later, i get an email sent to my work address from her, asking what i meant by the comment. i reply back from my personal email account, and outline exactly what had happened. i also add that she can contact the following women with similar stories. (later, it also proved he had two fairly stable mistresses as well, one who was only 18) it's two years since then. my company has grown to be a solid rival of his, while his has been struggling. this is partially because he was investing his own money into instituting new technology into widgeting usa. sadly, he financially was hurt when his wife divorced him. she and i have become surprisingly good friends, and she'll joke about the lack of pre nuptial agreement. tl;dr: sexual assault is always a bad idea. but it will ruin you when your victim is a better businessperson than you are, and your wife can wipe the floor with you.the mods on /r/pettyrevenge removed this without telling me, so i guess i'll try here. i used to work at an expensive consultancy with a boss (the owner) who fired me for being gay. this was illegal here already, but i was paid so poorly that i couldn't afford a lawyer to sue him. however, he hadn't thought to check with his biggest client before getting rid of me, and they made him hire me back. because i unfortunately needed the money and jobs were scarce here at the time, i took it. in addition to my part time consulting duties, i was also responsible for booking all the consultants' gigs and their travel arrangements. and while the owner was the owner, he also did occasional consulting. all consulting was on-site travel to the client, and we had clients all over the country. so, whenever a client called and asked for a consultant - which was often - i'd just check the owner's calendar and if i hadn't already booked him for that week, i'd do so. preferably as far away as possible. i'd ship him out on sunday, and fly him home on saturday. he'd come home saturday afternoon, jetlagged, he'd have just barely a day to recover and see his family, and then he'd have to leave for the airport to fly out for the next gig. the clients were thrilled - they thought he was the best man we had. (he wasn't, but they thought he was.) he couldn't complain, partly because it made him a lot of money, and partly because i made sure he was never there to complain. also, he was a weird guy who insisted on micro-managing my computer programming work to the point that before he'd leave he'd tell me "don't do anything on that until i get back" and he meant it - if i did any work on my work while he was away he'd be irate, but if i sat on my ass until his return he'd be fine with it. so, he told me "don't do anything on that until i get back" thinking he'd be back the next week... and i kept him away for about four months. during which time i booked the consultants and serviced my one client (which all added up to working about one to two days a week) and then sat in my office and read novels. (this was pre-web.) and he had to pay me for it. as i said, this went on for about four months, until his very-pregnant wife appeared in my office one day, loomed over me, and in a very quiet voice informed me that she would like her husband back. recognizing this for the quite severe threat it was, i took pity on her and changed some bookings so he could come home. i let him stay home for the birth of his child, and for exactly the amount of paternity leave he said he'd be taking, and then i sent him away again. (note: i had no intention of making him miss the birth of his child, but his wife wanted him home a bit earlier than i'd planned, so i played it her way. i liked her, despite her husband.) *do not* discriminate against me and then put me in charge of your schedule, unless you want to be away from your wife for months and exhausted all the time.**appetizer -** about six years ago i started my own consulting business. i am a talented engineer, but i was/am sadly naïve about the ways of the world. i came from a nice loving suburban background and my parents taught me that all people are fundamentally good inside. they are not. to quote dr. cox, people are bastard coated bastards with bastard filling. in most cases, i never got any sort of revenge. eventually i realize i’m being screwed, and i fire the individual/cut the contract, etc. and take it as a lesson learned and move on with my life. **main course -** except this one time, when i hired a sales guy. we will call this sales guy “tony.” tony swept in to my office on a cloud of amazing promises. he had a resume a mile long, and many harrowing, unlikely, yet somehow plausible stories of his great sales success in past organizations. he wanted to “partner with me” to take my company to a new level, make more money than we’ve ever made before, etc etc… even better, tony didn’t even want a salary! he simply wanted to be able to take out loans from the company until his big sales pipeline kicked in, and then he would pay it all back from his giant commissions. it was a total win/win for everybody involved! this sounded like an amazing deal. what a nice guy, and clearly confident he could close a lot of sales, or why else would he forgo a salary in favor of loans? i think, friends, it’s probably obvious how this story goes. over the course of the next year, tony “almost” made “so many” “huge sales” that are “totally ready to sign” but somehow, never quiet came through. and in that time he took out over $60,000 in loans that he would ‘totally pay back” as soon as his “monster sales” finally came through. finally, after so many big promises with zero results, i became suspicious. so i hacked open his company email account and saw that, in fact, he had never sent an email to a client, ever. in fact, the only emails he ever sent were to me and other people in my business talking himself up. all of his leads were utterly fake, he had never talked to a single client a single time, in a *year.* **dessert -** so i fired him and set about seeing what sort of revenge i could extract. first, i went to my lawyer, who told me what i expected. no legal routes existed to go after him that wouldn’t cost me way more than i wanted to spend on revenge. second, i hired a pi to dig into him. turns out (surprise surprise) that lots of people are after this guy. former business partners, hospitals in florida (some big medical thing he skipped out on?) and a few others. it was finally my accountant who showed me the best way to get back at him without spending a lot of time or money. as i mentioned, he took out all of his “pay” from me as loans. now that i’d spoken with the lawyer and the pi, i knew i had essentially a zero percent chance of ever recovering that money from him. so i did the next best thing to benefit my business, and to screw him over. i forgave the loans, in their entirety. this had two huge impacts. first, i got a $60,000 tax write off, because the “loans” were now “bad debt” which reduced my tax bill for 2013 to zero, a small but happy victory. second, he now owes the irs $20,000. you see, when i forgave the loan, it became income to him. once it becomes income, full income taxes (including federal, state, payroll, social security, medicare, etc) become due and payable. because it’s not payroll income, i don’t have to pay the employer portion of the taxes. this means he owes the irs $20,000 that he can never escape through bankruptcy or any other means and i have the world’s most vicious attack dog trying to get money from him instead of whatever minor debt collection efforts i could have mustered. **tl;dr** – my friend was raped last month. i found out where the perv lived, and sharpened the edges of the elevator doors in his building to a razors edge. one day, when he came out of the elevator, looking all rapey, i slammed the doors shut and cut him in half. i kept his scalp as a trophy. for a while, i worked as a web designer in a small ad agency serving a very niche industry. previously, the design team had no creative lead, and were all sort of operating independently across varying clients. we decided to hire a creative director to fill that gap, and i was given the task of sorting through and giving first round interviews to find the person who would later become my supervisor. two candidates in particular stood out from the rest for very different reasons. one was exceptionally talented, an all around nice guy, and somebody who generally would have been great for the role. the other, let's call him john, had mediocre talent, came across as an insufferable, arrogant prick, but had previous experience working within the niche industry that we serviced. he also had contacts within that industry that could lead to new business. despite my *strong* recommendation to not hire john, his relationships in the industry were too compelling to our agency's leadership to pass up, and they hired him. it didn't take long before the entire company started to realize john was a huge burden. he had virtually zero experience in anything related to digital design. design for apps, websites, mobile, etc., were all completely and utterly beyond his grasp, but he used his position of relative power to make decisions on those projects that the entire design team refused to support, most of which came back to bite the company in the ass later. the design team hated him, because fixing and working around his screw-ups became part of our daily routine. the sales team hated him, because he'd claim it took him unbelievably exaggerated amounts of time to complete even the most trivial of tasks (ex: 4 days to design a business card template), so they wouldn't even assign him projects anymore. work that was clearly his responsibility started to rapidly trickle down to the rest of the design team. we'd be working late nights 4 out of 5 days a week, because all of his projects that were in danger of missing deadlines would be re-assigned to us. meanwhile he'd be the first to walk out the door every day, right at 5pm, without fail. on top of all that, the guy was absolutely, without a doubt, the biggest tool i've ever met. always right about everything, completely unbending on his idiotic opinions, and completely clueless that literally every person in the building wished he would get hit by a truck. i genuinely tried to work with him for about a year, until i decided that the job had become intolerable because of him, and wasn't going to change any time soon, so i turned in my two week notice. about a month after i left, i heard that he had been let go from the job. shortly after that, i noticed that he had changed his linkedin status to show that he was working for a new agency i had never heard of, also servicing that same niche industry. i looked them up, and quickly figured out that he had started his own agency... a primarily digital agency... when he had no experience in digital or interactive design, and had literally fucked up every digital/interactive project he'd ever been on (i know, because most of them were reassigned to me when he proved incapable of doing them himself). i looked at the portfolio on his website, and found literally project after project of ***my*** work. he was using my work from the ad agency as examples of the work his agency could produce. i briefly considered contacting him and requesting he remove my work from his portfolio for ethical reasons. but i could already hear his reply in my head. "as creative lead, all work done by my team is an extension of my creative direction." he'd used similar lines in the past to insert himself into receiving credit on successful projects he'd had zero involvement on. so instead i sent an email to one of the partners of the agency we both had worked for, saying something along the lines of "hey, not sure if you've noticed this, but it looks like john is using your company's intellectual property to directly compete against you... if i had to guess, i'd assume his next step would be to make a move at your client list." the reply was short and sweet: "thanks for bringing this to my attention. he'll be hearing from our attorney in the morning." john's website was brought down less than 24 hours later. on november 17th 2010, i was involved in a major vehicle accident (18 year old kids fault). i was in the hospital for 6 days and was on disability home rest for 3 months for recovery (back issues/fused spine). when i was coherent enough to deal with business, i started talks with his insurance company. from the very start, they low balled me on price from just about everything. $600 value for a $3500 car (kelly blue book valued it at $3690) and i had a brand new paint job on it from 3 months prior (their value: $32) and 4 brand new tires not even 2 months old (valued: $5 a tire). they brow beat me into thinking that this was how the processed worked. nearly convinced me to settle. this insurance company wanted to cut me a check for $700 bucks and some change within 5 minutes of talking to me. the negotiations started horribly and i couldn't get them to budge for nearly a week. i talked to my lawyer and he couldn't help but gave me great advice. i got additional advice from my own insurance agent on how to deal with them and basically asked professionals on how to approach this. it turns out, this insurance company the kid used was the shadiest last resort of the last resort kind. my lawyer (who dealt with the medical bills, not car issues) told me, [*edit: removed apparent personal information*] with the record this kid had, he was paying close to **$1600 every 6 months**. he was uninsurable by all standards but it was his insurance company that was the worst of the worst. they were playing the waiting/scare tactics game with me. what they hadn't planned on was a guy with nothing but time on his hands and my jimmies had definitely been rustled. i inquired on every single item in and on my car. i located receipts, got estimates on everything i had and bombarded them with faxes and paperwork. at every opportunity, i begged and pleaded with the companies i dealt with in estimates to over inflate the price of the cost. $700 repair for a leather jacket, $2300 for a dell i3 laptop, $160 for "designer" jeans (probably kirkland signature if i recall). this insurance company only budged a bit on the fair market value price so they started playing a new game with me. not taking my calls or not responding to my emails. when my claims adjuster agent did call back, my phone would ring once... (as in 5 seconds) and he would hang up so it looks like they made an attempt to call. i would immediately return the call but would get, "*your claims adjuster just stepped out of the office*" or "*he's headed into a meeting*" from the operator/receptionist. nearly 3 weeks of these phone tag and email aversions games led me to create a detailed itinerary of my agents whereabouts and excuses of why he couldn't take my calls. i then upped my game. i called his bosses, talked to other agents and told my story to all of them. when that got no where, i upped my game even more. i called **every hour, on the hour** for 8 business days in a row. i was on a first name basis with 4 of his co-workers, knew his supervisors name and bosses name and had all of their extensions and email addresses on speed dial. i was even ccing all of them on every email i sent so my agent had 0 excuse that he didn't get my calls. shortly after, a settlement offer was sent via email (as he refused to talk to me at all over the phone) in the amounts of $1800 for my vehicle and $1200 for my personal items. i wanted $3500 and $1750 and wasn't going to settle for less. he chose to make this personal and not business so i did the only logical thing... i made it business in the worst possible way. i called on a friday afternoon and left a message on ever co-workers phone as well as the supervisors phone that because my agent refuses to negotiate properly nor return my calls, that i would now be calling all of them every hour, on the hour as well as the supervisor and boss. leaving detailed messages to call me back and offer me what my vehicle and personal items were worth. i stated i would be starting this on monday morning, 8am sharp. needless to say, by tuesday afternoon, i had a settlement offer of $3200 for my vehicle and $1730 for my personal effects. (dollar figures that were very fair and almost generous in the industry) but i replied back with the following. "*see, what bothers me is that i would have settled for less than this amount far earlier in the negotiations. but after all this time and effort, i will not settle for anything less than $3530 for my vehicle and $1810 for my personal effects. i will start calling again tomorrow morning until these terms are met.*" within 2 hours of leaving that message, i had a new email with the settlement offer of $3530 for my vehicle and $1810 for personal effects. i accepted much to their delight. **tl:dr slimeball insurance company tries to use lowball and scare tactics to get me to settle for less than the value of my car. i bombard them with phonecalls and emails every hour on the hour for almost 2 weeks.** *edit: this post was temporarily removed because some "unnamed" redditor claimed pi was shown. its since edited and the personal information removed and its now back up. mod approved once again.*my dad was in construction in the 80's in chicago and when the economy went bust, he was hired by a company in houston that told him they'd pay his moving expenses after one year of employment. he was brought in to be a general manager, and the company he went to was having problems he was hired to solve. my dad was very efficient and got things fixed quickly. soon, everything was a fine-tuned machine when his one year anniversary came up. the day before the anniversary, he was let go by the company and his job went to the owner's son. they told my dad they didn't have to pay him since the year wasn't up. my dad was pretty pissed about it, and by this time, the economy in houston wasn't so great, so it took a while for him to find a job. when he did, it was for a company that did sub-contractor work from time to time for the company he was let go from. as my dad was hired as an estimator at the new company, he had to bid jobs for his former company. as revenge, he started adding money to each estimate. at first, it was just a little, but over the course of the next 17 years, he would add tens of thousands to each job. even though the money wasn't directly going into his pockets, he did earn much larger bonuses and his employer realized much larger profit margins on the work from the other company. as my dad was retiring, he did an review of all the estimates he ever made for that company and found he'd gotten $2.7 million from them over 17 years. now, my dad didn't get that money (his employer did), but that was $2.7 million that would have stayed with his former employer. so, that $20k they screwed my dad out of cost them $2.7 million over 17 years. he called the greatest caper of his life. he passed away 4 months after retiring, sadly. he giggled about it often though, and he felt vindicated.fyi places and names have been changed. i was desperate for work and i happen to walk into a store i shop at regularly and was okay acquaintances with the boss. he offered me a job and offered to train me up since he needed reliable people. in a month i was his star employee, filling in for the ones who call in sick, fixing problems, working my ass off and also smashing sale targets, with him saying ill train you, since at that point he hadn't besdies how to put through a sale. then one day he came up to me and mentioned id been making mistakes, and all the little ones were adding up. i said but you only gave me basic till training and his response "you should know by now". then the shift cutting happened and then i found out he started talking real horrible stuff to other employees behind my back. the assistant manager actually felt sorry for me but i was constantly badgered. like if i even looked away for a second id have my assistant manager going dont ignore that customer.. two seconds prior they were not even there they literally just lined up, or as i said hey im doing this first they would ignore what i said and say yes you need to do that first not x. treated like dirt, no other employees even wanted to talk to me. the plotting. so at first i stopped doing things that implicated me in wrong doing as i suspected i was being blamed for stuff i never did, i documented it thoughly, pictures, a diary, you name it. when my manager went on longer than normal breaks i time clocked it on my phone and wrote it down. then he fucked up and wrote a mass text to everyone calling us names for fucking up. i screen capped that immediately as the next day he asked to delete that message as it was a prank. (bullshit) he stood over me and watched me delete it. i also wrote this down. i tried to be friendly with my co-workers but they barely said a word to me but to shut up and keep working. my last shift there (i didnt know it was at the time) i was so over it, i was being super nice to people and gave them deals that i knew i could do, just to at least feel like a human and get some sort of enjoyment in work. this didnt go down well as i got a talking out to with me ending the conversation with i dont really care anymore. in the process i was looking for a new job and a day before my performance review by my manager i was offered a new job, starting immediately as of tomorrow. this was a blessing and i sent a message to my manager that i wont be coming in as i quit, he never responded but my asm did and said okay you dont get store discount anymore. not even a sorry to see you go. but wheres the revenge? oh it came i waited 4 months after i left. i let the dust settle and then i got everything into order and sent a lovely huge email to my regional manager. the thing is they all forgot i was on very good terms with him, to the point he was sad that i left. i wrote down a few things saying i felt after all this time this needed to be aired out and that i was told i have a legitimate claim for workplace harassment, but i wanted to deal with you first. i had a huge response saying they would look into this right away, an apology that this happened all i asked was to stay anonymous. i got a response 3 weeks later saying he was no longer representing the company as a way for me not to pursue legal action. after that response i decided to buy something from that store. apparently my ex manager did not see it coming, they dumped a head office employee in his store to watch him for week and scrutinised everything he did, even if he coughed wrong it was noted they then asked him to explain the mass text message of abuse and they used all i sent him plus the head office report to fire him. (in my country you need a fuckload of evidence to fire fulltime contracts) the causals are now being split up into other stores as well to kill the group. they still have no idea i did it. the asm was shocked as he thinks someone in the store did it for personal gain or a promotion. i know it seems perfect but with the regional ive known him when he used to be a causal in that very store and we got along great and kept in contact for years after he got promoted. i was lucky in that respect as many people dont have higher connections like that. how do i end this... well im now in fulltime employment, his facebook feed is filled with complaints about no money. karma bitch. years ago i worked at a plus-sized women’s clothing store in a bad part of town. the store was part of a national chain and its clothing was designed for the younger crowd. our store was not part of a mall but was part of a strip mall that sat right up against some low income housing. i really enjoyed working there because i got to help people shop. i also enjoyed helping plus-sized girls feel beautiful. my pay was barely above minimum wage but my husband works in it and he makes enough money to keep us comfortable. there were a few things i didn’t like about my company. for one, they made us sell magazine subscriptions at the register that were basically a scam; it’s 25 cents a year now but you’ll be charged an inflated rate next year for a renewal. i felt bad because i knew many of my customers were low income and probably wouldn’t remember to cancel. the other thing we were required to do is aggressively push our store credit card. i wasn’t good at pushing the magazines or the credit cards and it was no secret that our regional manager was not pleased with my performance. despite having amazing sales numbers, because my magazine and credit applications were low i was treated poorly by my store manager, gina, and the regional manager, rick. out of all of the associates, i was the only one that had trouble getting magazine subscribers and credit applicants. i later discovered that one of the associates had a boyfriend that was also a drug dealer. he would give his drug customers a discount in exchange for their personal information and social security numbers so his girlfriend could run their info on credit applications. this associate was best friends with our store manager, gina. this girl shared all of this information with all of the associates except for me. i later heard that i was resented because i was a “rich white bitch”. another crappy part of working at this store was dealing with shoplifters. even though the city’s police station was across the street from our store, people would come in and try to pull a fast one on us. if we knew someone was shoplifting, one of the associates would start a conversation with a shoplifter while the other associate went in the back room to call the police. our store had no anti-theft systems and it had no security cameras. because our amount of “shrink” was so high, our store was put on probation and we regularly had a company come in and take inventory of our merchandise. we knew how much our store was losing every three months. corporate sent down some head honchos from loss prevention that would interview us one at a time and try to figure out if one of the staff was stealing. the man they sent was named jack. jack gave me his name and cell number and told me i could call him if i noticed or suspected any of my coworkers was stealing. on one of the days that our merchandise was going to be inventoried the regional manager, rick, arrived. this was odd because rick lived in the neighboring state somewhere. he must have left his home at 4 am to be there when we opened. rick spent the day manipulating the inventory results. he would do things like make the people taking inventory scan empty shoeboxes and inventory shirts twice. i went home and wrote down everything that i remembered. on july 3rd i received a text from gina. she wanted to know if i had set aside a particular shirt to purchase for myself. she sent a picture of the shirt. i told her it was not mine. the following day i noticed gina had posted pictures of herself at a july 4th barbecue wearing the shirt. when i got to work the following day, i checked the inventory. no associates made any purchases at all that week. that shirt was never sold, in any size, at our store but one was missing from the racks. gina had stolen it. i went home and i created a powerpoint presentation with screenshots of my text messages with gina about the shirt, details from our inventory, and pictures from gina’s facebook page showing she had the shirt. i also provided the details of the credit card application scams my coworkers were running. i sent this off to jack, the loss prevention guy at corporate, and waited. within an hour my phone lit up. jack told me i would be transferred to any store i chose for coming forward and i was rewarded with a $100 gift card. he told me they knew about the credit card applications being fake because the same 20 people were applying over and over again. i knew that no matter what store i chose, rick would still be my boss, so i told jack i would think about it. when i got to work the following day, rick and jack were there. gina and her best friend were fired and were already gone. within one fucking week, i was being written up for not having enough credit apps. i quit right then and there. i went home and called jack and told him about rick’s inventory manipulations. i gave a tip about our magazine program to a major consumer publication and they published stuff about it on their website. this chain used to have 20 locations in our state. now it has two. i just looked on linkedin and rick still works for the company. oh, well. i feel like i got revenge. edit: i just wanted to add that the story was written by my wife, and i posted it up here. i guess this is a huge deal because all of my other posts point to the fact that i'm a dude, and the fact that a couple can do things together on reddit is too much to fathom.a couple of decades ago (mid-80's), i had occasion to need body work done on my car (kid in the lane to my right tried to turn left without looking), and took it into a large and supposedly well-regarded body shop for repairs. in hindsight, i should've known it wouldn't turn out well when they refused to give me a quote without seeing my insurance estimate first... to keep this short, suffice to say that they screwed it up; charged for undercoating that wasn't applied, got cheap non-oem replacement parts, ignored instructions to replace the fender (was okayed by the insurance co.) and slathered a couple of pounds of bondo on it instead (doing a miserable job of matching the contours), and myriad other screw-ups. within a week of getting the car back from them, i'd returned with a long list of problems, quality complaints, and omissions. the general manager (found later he was the owner's nephew and had a rep for being an asshole) basically blew me off with a combination of indifference and rudeness - as to the quality complaints, he said "look, this car isn't worth putting cadillac-level work into it - you want it done better, you'll have to pay us more money." i then did what most pissed-off customers do - bad-mouth the company to anyone who would listen. anytime i saw any car in need of bodywork, i'd warn the owner against this body shop, making my case by showing them the poor work done on my car. i continued doing this for at least 4 years, until i finally sold the car. the real revenge part was that about every 4 to 6 months, i'd call the shop and ask to speak to the gm; when i got him on the phone, i'd identify myself as a po'ed former customer and tell him that i'd saved a dozen or so people from his company's shoddy work, and i'd probably cost his shop about $10,000 or thereabouts. the first two calls he blew off; by the 4th call he was getting worried, and wanted my name and for me to come in so that "we could come to an agreement and get you satisfied" - i told him he had already blown his one chance to make good by insulting me when i came back to get them to do the job right. as to my name, i told him he could easily find it by going over his list of customers who'd come back with complaints about the work they'd done. i continued the calls even after i'd sold the car, for about 6 years or so; towards the end of that time, i'd point out to him that his attitude had potentially cost his company over $100,000 worth of work. on my last call, i actually got the owner (the nephew was on vacation) and spent a good 15 minutes on the phone with him explaining why i'd made it a 6-year mission to cost them as much business as i possibly could, and that his jerk of a gm had blown any chance of ever getting me to quit bad-mouthing them. i later heard from friends at a wrecking yard in the same town that the body shop had a new gm...x-post from petty revenge i worked for a small company that manufactured and sold things found in small retail stores. i was the customer service manager and had a few sales reps that worked for me. basically we would call stores who carried our products and check to see if they needed to order anything. also we would call stores who didn't carry our products, tell them about our products, send them samples, and then get them to order from us. i had a small staff of 4 sales representatives. this was not an easy job but it paid well. now i was good friends with the owner of the company. he was never there and i ran things for him. i was introduced to him by a former colleague named john. john used to run a small investment group at the same office. he would take investment sales calls and then get a group of people with money to invest. so john was no longer there but he would get sales calls on our main phone line. people trying to sell investment opportunities in oil &amp; gas or some technology start up. all sorts of crazy stuff and the salesmen were top notch professional sales guys. in other words aggressive, so i would have the calls transferred to me. then i would explain that john wasn't here anymore and they would stop calling us. jessica was one of our better reps. she was an aggressive but well mannered woman. in fact she was a bit of a firecracker but in a good way. so one day jessica gets a call from a deep voiced man asking "is john in?" she says he isn't there and is about to ask him to hold for one second so she can transfer the call to me. but the guy hangs up on her mid sentence. she bitches to me in a no big deal kind of way but basically says can you believe the nerve of some people. we move on with our day. the next day she answers the main line and a deep voiced man asks "is john in?" she says no and he hangs up on her before she can utter another word. she tells me in a slightly disturbed manner. i tell her if he calls again to tell him that john doesn't work here anymore. the next day she gets another call from the deep voiced man. he asks "is john in?" and she says "no, he doesn't work here anymore!" but he hung up as soon as he heard the word no. i don't know if you have any experience with sales but you need to have a good attitude. i need jessica to be in good spirits. hanging up on someone is one of the rudest things you can do on the planet. jessica is fuming. this is really getting to her. so i think some revenge is necessary. i tell jessica that when this guy calls tomorrow and asks if john is in to tell him "yes, please hold on for one second while i transfer you." sure enough the guy calls the next day and jessica transfers him to me. i put him on speaker phone and tell jessica to come sit in my office in order to listen to the call. i close the door. i know how to talk the talk when it comes to investments. i ask him his first and last name. his first name was david. then the company he works for and then i say our phone lines are having problems. i asked him "what is your direct phone number in case we get cut off?" so i listen to his sales pitch about investing in real estate development. i ask him some good questions. signs that i am going to invest like "what kind of roi can i expect?" and "is there a limit on how much one person can invest?" at this point the guy thinks i am the whale that is going to put his kids through college. i then begin to share my story. what we do here. that we are in the business of selling also. that i have sales representatives that work for me. then i switch my tone completely. i was raised by a former marine and i know how to chew someone out. so i go all [r. lee ermey]( on his ass. i shout "are you thick in the head?" david says in a stunned and offended voice "excuse me?" i continue "are you slow or something?" david "no!" me "then why have you been calling here everyday and hanging up on my employees while they are mid sentence?" jessica looks at me like i just gave her every xmas present she ever wanted. david "i haven't been doing that, i think there is some kind of misunderstanding." "listen david, you have been set up! we don't get many incoming phone calls. everyday for the last 4 days you have been calling us at about the same time. you have a very distinct voice. we have been waiting for you to call today. there is no doubt that you have been calling my office and hanging up on the person as soon as they say the word no. your calls have been upsetting my peaceful office and we decided to take your sales call today!" david "uhh, (long pause) i didn't mean anything by it" "who is running the business over there?" david says in a meek voice "i am." "am i supposed to believe you are the owner of the company?" david "no" "who do you report to?" david finally gives me his boss's name and phone number. he also tells when he comes into the office next and i tell david he should probably confess to his boss before i call him. david agrees and apologizes. i end the call and jessica says "that was the best thing to ever happen" needless to say we didn't get any more calls from david. i never called his boss either. i thought our conversation was punishment enough and i am willing to bet david never hung up on anyone again.i don't know if this is truly petty revenge but it may fit... a few weeks ago, one of our fellow employees (be for belittled employee) decided he had enough of his manager's constant belittlement and short temper so he gave his 2 weeks notice and let them know he was more than happy to work those two weeks to finish off his job. said anger management issues manager (ami) is also an owner of the company. he absolutely loses it. he starts screaming at the guy, telling him to leave the premises immediately and flips him the bird on the way out the parking lot. this action causes immense problems for us in the short term. be had a transmission for a large machine pulled apart with hundreds of parts strewn across his bench. that was friday. i come in on tuesday morning and i am informed the other owners have decided they need to buy this owner out. (finally! this wasn't the first time he had cost us an employee) i was hired and work directly under the general manager (gm who is also an owner with his brother). while we are talking about this in my office, i politely ask my boss to hang on and i dig through my desk and fire up some of our accounting software. i quietly show some of the evidence of ami's misdealings to gm. it isn't enough to be a smoking gun of fraud (that is why i was waiting before bringing it to him. i also only noticed the issues a few weeks ago and was waiting until i had more evidence). gm smiled slightly, thanked me and left. we went back to business as usual until the buyout. ffw to now, ami is getting bought out. after they have settled on a price for the buyout and signed everything, gm brings the evidence of fraud against ami (which he has now added to by digging a little deeper). ami now has to pay back the fraudulent payments out of his buyout, resulting in him getting approximately ~~20%~~ 25% less than what he thought he was getting. **update:** found out how the gm handled it. ami signed all the papers and signed something to the effect that his department's financials were accurate. just after he signed that paper, gm reveals the paperwork in epic fashion as per his brother's description. ami absolutely loses his shit and starts screaming. his lawyer had to calm him down. business valuation was around 10 million and he had a 30% stake so it cost him $750,000. also, a call has been placed to the revenue agency in our country for suspected tax evasion by gm and yours truly as my boss has evidence of some private fraud now as well. **update #2** bosses are implementing an employee purchase plan for stock ownership (voting shares!) and essentially they are giving me 2% of the company shares as my bonus along with a raise. i'll take it! **tl;dr: angry owner loses his shit on employee, other owners decide to buy him out, i present evidence of fraud to owners and he gets less money at the buyout.** edit: moved tl;dr to bottom.back story: many years a worked in a care facility and had the opportunity to do the ait (administrator in training) program with the small company. it was a year long paid program where i kept my regular accounting job with them at the same time. at the end of the program i thought i would be given a facility of my own with them, but one of the head cheeses (big cheese senior vp) of the company didn't like me. i found out it was because the lady i was working under had tried to become an administrator and had failed the national exam 3 times and complained to big cheese about me many times (for bogus stuff). i was fired a month after i received my administraor's license and big cheese that didn't like me said: hemingway1957 will never be an administrator for us!shortly afterwards i was offered a great job with another company at a really good salary. i also got a 2 month severance package because i wrote a letter to the company president and told him that as a licensed administrator in that small state i would like to be able to say positive things about his small company (they had about 8 nursing homes). i worked for the new company for about 4 years running a well-regarded facility. we had great outcomes, great reviews and made good money. i had a good friend that continued to work for the other company and he would occasionally mention in meetings with the head cheeses how well i was doing. my revenge: i was lured away to another state by another company with a large salary offer, but it was a crap company and i put the word out with recruiters and others that i was looking. lo and behold i get called by the president of my old company that they would like to interview me for an administror's position at their premier rehab facility. so i agreed to the interview and had them fly me almost 1000 miles, rent me a car (i picked a new mustang), put me up in a nice hotel for 2 nights for the interview. i take advantage of that by visiting relatives, putting tons of miles on the rental, going skiing (great resorts in that area) and had a great time. did the interview and they offer me the job. i tell them i would think about it. i went home and accepted another offer that i knew was coming (one that i was going to take anyway) and didn't bother to call them back with my decision. about 2 weeks later i get a call from the president (the one that gave me the severance) asking about when i wanted to start work. i said: "well, you know, i would love to, but several years ago big cheese said that i would never be an administrator for your compnay and i guess he was right." and i hung up. it was sweet. that company has since broken up.edit: for all those referring to me as a "he" ... think again. throwaway for privacy reasons. i own a construction equipment dealership, specializing in excavation gear. the main brand i carry has dealership "every 2 blocks", to the point that there are over 800 in the lower 48 states alone. they do this to keep prices down, because dealers have to compete with each other. my story starts in 2005. business was booming, i was making 15% on all new gear, and selling it by the truck load. i was one of the largest dealers in the u.s., and i was the largest in my region. the factory provides us with the machine, as well as accessories for it. as a dealer, we are not allowed to sell non authorized after market accessories if the machine itself is being financed through the factory. i had many complaints about the lowering quality in accessories made by the factory, to the point that i was no longer comfortable putting my name anywhere near it. i asked a friend of mine that deals only in used excavators where he gets all his gear, and he introduced me to a factory in china. long story short, i go visit the supplier, and impressed, and from that day on only use after market accessories. i get around the financing issue by selling all machines with no gear, which means no quick couplers, buckets, or hydraulic thumbs, and getting that financed, then the customer has to pay cash for the accessories. if that is an issue, i have a secondary bank that will finance them, just not at 0%. in addition to a better quality product, i now can provide a much better price. for example, a 24" dig bucket would typically sell for about $1,500, and we would buy it for $1,200. i'll now sell it for $700, and pay my man in china about $300. this of course helped me get more deals, which would have gone to other dealers. now instead of being able to call up another dealer and take a machine in on trade if i don't have it, i can only get them from the factory, meaning instead of needing to hold $1,000,000-$1,500,000 of inventory, i was having to hold about double that. at one point, i sell a machine in to the heart of another dealers territory, non restricted i may add, and the customer turns out to be the dealerships owners neighbor. this pisses off the other dealership to no end, and he finds out where my price advantage is coming from. his neighbor tells him that he didn't pay for the accessories separate, and he takes this as he financed it all. the other dealer turns me in to the factory, and implies that i've always used after market gear, and that i've always financed it through the factory, neither of which are true. he made enough waves that the factory sent people out to inventory my lot, to make sure i actually had all the machines on my lot that i claim i do, and to make sure all the accessories i claim are theirs, actually are. they audit my sales for the past 8 or 9 years of our business relationship, and going through everything with a fine tooth comb. the kicker? they don't let me use any financing they offer while they're searching for a non existant error/scam on my part. after about 2 months of having 2 or 3 men going through all of our paperwork, inspecting every signature, and calling over 150 different customers, i get the green light to keep selling, and they leave. unfortunately, this turns what should have been the height of the season, in to one of the worst quarters i've ever had. tldr, i get an advantage, and another dealer tattle tails and messes with my livelihood. time for the revenge in our 2008, as you may be aware, the world ended. dealers were getting ready to close down. i went from making 15% on the new machines to making 5%, and i went from over doubling my money on each accessory, to selling them at $100 over cost. i'm proud to say i didn't lose a single penny during this. i eventually had to cut back my sales staff, but we never lost a cent. anyway, dealers were trying to get rid of their inventory, because they didn't want to have to pay for it when the flooring expired. well, flooring started expiring, and the dealers didn't have networks in place to be able to sell them far enough, or suppliers in place to sell them cheep enough, so they were getting stuck. at this point, i was selling everything cheep, but was still selling it, and still making at least $2,000 a sale, so i didn't run out of flooring on a single item. once a dealer ran out of flooring, and couldn't pay for their gear, the factory would be responsible for trucking it back to their distribution centers, and then they would be stuck with all the gear. i struck a deal with the factory, and the short version is, the other dealers were now getting free extended flooring, and weren't paying for their machines. if i needed it, or could sell it, they would pay my shipping expense, so i could sell it. the other dealers were mostly fine with this, because i was freeing them of hundreds of thousands of debt every month. well, most dealers loved this. out of the 7 or so dealers in my area, i would only take trades from 6 of them. that's right, i stuck the dealer that turned me in with every single item he had. he tried to get me to take them, literally offering my thousands of dollars to do so, so he wouldn't have to either pay the factory, or lose his contract with them. well, it came to the point that our state had about $2,500,000 worth of inventory on hand, across all 7 dealers. guess what? nearly half of that was all on dealer 7, and his inability to sell them, and inability to pay for them, cost him his contract with the factory, and his dealership as a hole. once the started turning around, i had the chance to actually buy his location, building, land, shop, etc, but turned it down. another dealership did buy it, and actually hired him on as a manager. after a few months though, he got fired, as he just couldn't close a deal anymore. true tldr. fuck with me, and take food off of my table, i'll destroy the business that you've ran for decades, that was founded by your father. edit: sorry if this is a bit hard to read, it took a few drinks to be able to feel privat enough to post this, and it's pretty late where i am right now. i'll answer any questions in the comments, if it was a little confusing.broke my car on holiday and insurance arranged for a rental to get home. that was the limit of the insurance cover 'cos im a cheapskate and i always assumed i could use the wife's car. unfortunatly that was in for a major service arrainged for whilst we we were away. total bummer. so i asked to extend the hire for a week self pay. no problems, week went by and the rental car was picked up from home. then the rental company billed me to fill the tank, *with 3 liters of fuel*. plus $50 surcharge. *i lived within 500m of a gas station.* i phoned the hire car company but they completly rejected my disputing the charge. "their word against mine" . "full means full". total stonewall. even started to mention that if i wanted to take it any further that i should get my lawyer to write to their lawyers. i phoned the insurance company, went over the story and explained that the only way i could have had a fuller tank was if they had picked it up at the gas pump itself. the operative called over a manager and they *suddenly got very interested*. further managers were called and a copy of my bill for 3 litres was requested. insurance company phoned back a week later and said the charge had been dropped. also because of my phone call their accountants had gone back over a year's worth of using that hire company and were currently in dispute over many *thousand$* worth of "irregularities that legaly we can't mention that may or may not be related to your complaint" so, not directly my 'pro-revenge', but certainly a good level of smug satisfaction hire car company? *feel my wrath.*several years ago a major hurricane blew through my hometown and the government issued a damage repair to all houses effected by the storm after evaluation through insurance companies (something to that extent). construction contractors took advantage of the situation going door to door offering their services. contractors get money, everyone gets free repairs, why not? whole neighborhoods signed on and work began. my parents were getting their home repaired and after a time realized the amount they were quoted for was too high so they planned to break the contract and find someone else to do all the repairs and replace all the shutters and window framing for the same price. while on the phone with the contractor, he tells them they're willing to to do all the extra work for free so my parents stay with the original contractors. after many many months the work was done and the guys came to collect, except they didn't replace the shutters and window framing. my father withholds the money because they admit to lying about the extra work in order to keep the contract, but refuse to do it because they didn't write up the new contract for my dad to sign so they're not obligated to do it yet wanted our money. this devolved into arguments with them threatening to sue us. a couple days later after discussing this with the family we have them over for a meeting and agree to pay them extra but discounted amount to do the shutters and framing. they come back and finish the work. when the time came for them to receive their pay they visit the house and my mother gives them the check. they realize that the amount was for the original work without the additional pay as agreed. they get pissed. my mother snarkily replies to them that since they didn't sign a revised contract she was not obligated to pay them the extra amount. they left without much of a fight. tl;dr get it on paper. before i got clean, i bought most of the oxycontin i was hooked on from my friend's husband. she had a good heart but he was a giant turd. eventually he ripped me off. (i paid, he said he'd have pills soon, i never heard from him. when i called to check, he got hostile, said some nasty things, refused to give me anything) i wasn't surprised but i was furious, and i never saw him again. i was the librarian at our local newspaper at the time. one morning on my way to work, i passed his house and saw a bunch of cop cars in his driveway, lights flashing. i was super curious (and admittedly hoping he was in trouble for something) and when i got to the newspaper i went straight to our police reporter and asked him about the cops. he had no idea so he checked a source. it turned out to be something mostly trivial, i've forgotten the specifics, and then asked me what the big deal was. this reporter happened to be a good friend, so i happily explained that the house belonged to my former drug dealer, who had ripped me off and was a giant turd. i said something along the lines of, "you should print something about how awful he is." after i finished ranting about it i said adios and went upon my day. if anything, i expected a one-line brief under police news. instead, the next morning's paper included a fair-sized article covering the previous day's events at my dealer's house and then, delightfully, recounting all his previous criminal activity in detail. his full name and address was mentioned over and over and it was the best thing ever.so you be the judge of whether this is "pro revenge" or "petty revenge." unlike my past post, the stakes here are small, but it was done in a professional context, my job. i own and manage several mid-size multi-family rental properties (apartment blocks.) i'm very hands on, and i deal with most day to day issues as well as the investment side. great returns this way. i choose most of the tenants personally, and most of them are great people - they appreciate my hands-on work and the fact i love my job and strive to provide the customer service that a good hotel would. there are some exceptions. one of my tenants is a charming young woman with a good job, friendly and easygoing demeanour, and a total douche-bag boyfriend. it was a six-month battle to get him on the lease, since he lives there full-time now and from what i see, doesn't contribute to rent. not my problem though. until, i get a call from him, politely (odd - he's not usually polite) saying he clogged the toilet and asks if i can call a plumber or fix it before his girlfriend gets home. happy that he is being polite, i went on over and was there in 20 minutes. it turned out he had dropped a bottle of hair gel into the bowl, and for some reason flushed it. it was jammed in the p-trap of the bowl, just out of sight but within reach. i got on my elbow-gloves, reached in and pulled it out. he stood watching me with this scumbag steve smirk on his face. i suggested that next time he just reach in and grab it himself before calling me. he looked me dead in the eye and said "i don't reach into toilets dude, i'm going to school so i don't have to touch other people's shit." i told him "you'd be surprised how much that pays though - you bill will be in the mail." i went home, called three plumbing contractors and asked them each what their emergency service rate was - the average was $180.00 for the first 45 minutes flat. i sent a bill to scum-bag tenant for $180.00. he refused to pay, i filed a dispute at the tenancy office, and included in my evidence the three quotes i had received. i got my judgement today - $180.00 plus the $50 filing fee. a ll is allowed to charge market rate to repair damage that a tenant causes intentionally or through negligence. now he knows that. next time he will reach into the toilet himself. all he had to do was keep his dumb mouth shut and i would have fixed his problem for free...a long time ago (no, just 20 years ago), in a galaxy far, far away (no, just 5 streets over), i rented a nice, big flat in a nice old fixed-up house. house was foreclosed, but the stupid property management company that managed it for the bank did everything wrong. first of all, it didn’t notify me of the change of landlord, so i kept paying the rent to the old landlord who did not cash the cheques. after 6 months, i get sued for not paying the rent. in court, when it’s my turn to speak, i ask “who the fuck you are? my lease says mr so-and-so, and you’re not him”. — er… they could not produce proof that they officially notified of the rent transfer. — case dismissed! said the judge. of course, i received the proprt rent transfer pronto after that… oh well. i was stupid and young at the time, and i did not think it could be that when the registered mail came in and i stupidly took it. it was nice while it lasted… but still, 6 months rent-free… then the stupid property management decided to sell the house for the bank. it’s one of those typical montréal houses with the big stairs outside, and they put the “for sale” sign on “my” stair. at $orkplace, i printed huge “sold” sign on day-glo crack-n-peel™ and when i come home late at night, i stick one on the “for sale” sign. looks totally official! it takes them 4-5 weeks to notice the “sold” sticker, and they scrape it off. of course, 2-3 days later, another “sold” goes up, and stays for another 3-4 weeks. rinse, lather and repeat. it took the bastards 9 months to sell the house…this happened around 2001 when i worked for a computer company that decided to start offering web hosting. since the project was one of the top initiatives of our ceo, he took a very keen interest in how his pet project was going and was very responsive when anyone emailed him about any and all difficulties. while that's usually a good thing to do for customer service, it's often not so great for the poor sales guy that gets that one customer that has issues with everything. so on to the story.. i was working in my cube farm when i got a call from a cheery young lady looking to propel her boss' company into the information age and was looking to see what we could do to help her out. m - me. cg - cheerful girl (for now) m: "hi this is joetheok, how can i help you?" cg: "i need web hosting for my company's website and i'm not sure where to begin" m: "you've come to the right place, let's see what we can do to help" so that's probably not the exact wording but i do always try to be helpful to my customers so that's the general gist of the start of the conversation. we went on to talk about our facility, how things work, the pricing and a lot of other q&amp;a. in all, it took about 30-45 minutes to get everything sorted out and make her a happy camper when we ended the call (this is called foreshadowing). she said she needed to make a couple more calls and then give everything to her boss but i should hear from her in a day or so. fast forward a couple of days and i hadn't heard from her so i figured i'd give her a call and find out if she was ready to go. i actually got her on the first call (rare for sales) and at that point, we'll just call her pg for pissy girl because nothing that came out of her mouth during this conversation was nearly as pleasant as our initial call. at first, i thought i'd actually gotten her evil twin but then came to the conclusion that this was in fact the same person, just on a different frequency. apparently, after calling us, she called a competitor who proceeded to tell her all sorts of fictitious information which she spewed upon me. pg: "i spoke to your competitor and he told me a ton of lies (i don't remember what all she said but i think he got our name right. other than that, it was pretty much all false)" m: &lt;tries to debunk said lies&gt; pg: "he said you'd try to say that but i know better (i guess his lies were prettier than my truth? no idea, i have a very pleasant phone voice, i guess his was just better) m: "i'm sorry you feel that way, but i'd be happy to go over everything and make sure you have a clear picture of what you're getting from both companies and clear up any misunderstandings if i can" pg: &lt;nothing vulgar was said but nothing complimentary at this point either. i believe she did cast some aspersions upon my truthfulness and perhaps my parentage. at this point, we were pretty much done&gt; m: "if there's anything we can do for you, please let me know" pg: &lt;click&gt; about 10 minutes later i get an email in my box from the harridan that i had been copied on. i also realized that it was directed to my ceo who i was certain was going to read it. it contained a litany of my sins, my shortfalls, my lack of ability to tell the truth, and quite possibly my severe lack of hygiene (none of which was true, especially the stinky part). i didn't realize how fast our ceo would read that but by the time i was through reading this sternly worded missive, my manager was popping out of his cubbyhole like he been shot from a gun. he got an email, my director got one and both of them wanted to know what the hell i was doing. fortunately, i had a great rep on the floor and a couple of awards for being a customer advocate so i wasn't hoisted up on a stake to serve as an example for the rest of the staff. it did, however, take a bit of telling the tale and swearing on an unopened copy of microsoft windows to convince them that i wasn't even half as horrible as i was portrayed in this work of fiction. now the revenge part. upon arriving to work that morning, i got a lovely piece of spam in my mailbox. all i had to do to get all of the loveliest, filthiest, hardcore porn delivered to me daily was just give them my email address. since this was before the canned spam act, there wasn't any of that pesky validation thing so with just a couple of clicks of a mouse, i made sure she was fully informed on every variation of every sexual position and fetish anyone could send her (for free even, what a bargain). not only had she emailed me from her corporate address, she even copied her home email so she could keep a copy of the dressing down she gave me presumably so she could cheer herself up by reading it when she couldn't find anybody in the office to have fired. not wanting her to miss out on her education into the ways of the world if she wasn't at work, i added that address too. i'm not exactly what transpired at that point but knowing the wild west of porn spam at that time, i always rest assured that her email boxes were defiled and defiled and then defiled some more because once they had an address, even an act of god wouldn't get you off of it. back in the early 90's, i went on a camping trip with a bunch of friends, and a younger friend of a friend had invited his high school buddies who were a bunch of belligerent jocks. that night, around the campfire, the jocks are exceedingly drunk and fighting each other occasionally and making a hell of a mess. the next morning my friends and i were up earlier than them and collected all the trash into bags. when they woke up, we asked them if they'd be willing to take just one bag with them to dispose of it (most of it was cans from their pisswater they'd brought). they laughed and said they didn't give a fuck and they weren't taking any trash. while they were distracted, we put all the bags of trash in their trunk, as the little bit of camping stuff they has was still in their back seat. perhaps not the most satisfying revenge, but they probably had quite a stench in the car after a week or so. so, my work is pretty relaxed about theft. we trust each other not to take anything without asking first, and that extends to food. we're all adults and we know better than to steal. i only lock my locker so a customer can't wander in and take something, not because i'm worried about my coworkers. anyway, we had a food thief crop up. it was becoming irritating. and then a coworker had a brilliant plan. she brought an extra sausage biscuit to work and left it on the break room table, as if she was going to come back and eat it later. however, what she didn't tell anyone until later was that she had gotten a bottle of a (dog chewing deterrent) bitter spray off the sales floor and sprayed the sausage patty with it before wrapping everything back up. around an hour later, there was a glorious moment when someone on the cleaning crew emerged from the break room coughing and gagging and making the most awful faces. that shit is potent. and that person is down a job.this story isn't about me, but about my mum when she first came to america with my dad. backstory: my mum is a native korean. she speaks english quite well, but being her second language she does have a slight accent. my dad is american and english is his native language. at the time of this story, they were newly weds, so it was like the early 90's. so they were shopping at some store, like a wal-mart or something and my mum needed to find an item, so she asked a worker in the aisle if he could help her. his response? &gt;learn to speak english before you talk me. well my dad was within earshot and boy oh boy, he was not happy with that comment. long story short, my dad demanded to see the manager and that guy lost his job right there and then. moral of the story: don't be an racist asshole.i was laid off temporarily one winter. during my off time, i got a phone call from a guy i knew a few years earlier. kind of a good-for-nothing, but generally harmless. he told me he'd started a painting business, and had a huge contract, and could use any help he could get, fast, and knew i was off and might want some work. he was based out of a city about 70 miles away, so he said i could stay with him if i wanted, he's got room. so i took him up on it. i get there, and the guy doesn't have a truck, and asks if we can use mine. his is "in the shop" - total bs, he didn't even have one, but i didn't know that yet. we go to the first house to paint(he really did have a contract to paint several houses), and he points me to where he'd like me to start. i have painting experience and he knows it, so i don't need a lot of supervision. but i don't notice him doing anything at all. just going to the bathroom every 15 minutes or so. well it becomes obvious pretty fast, guy's got himself a coke problem. to the point where he can't do any work, just gotta inhale powder all day. now i don't begrudge a man his substances, coke, weed, acid, alcohol, whatever, as long as you're meeting your responsibilities, and not dragging down others around you. over the next couple of weeks he hired a couple more people who came and went, and didn't get paid for their short stints. but both those people were, to be fair, absolutely terrible, and caused more damage than they were worth, so not paying them was reasonable. over those couple of weeks, when he'd get good and high, he'd get talkative(as blow tends to do to a person), and he'd let slip how he can't have any utilities in his name, cause he owes them all hundreds or even thousands of dollars - phone, internet, electricity, water, gas, even car insurance somehow - the works. he's got a good girl gina at home, who's pretty sick of this shit, but is too nice and trying to fix him instead of helping herself. so everything's in her name. so a couple of weeks go by, i do my work impeccably every day, and it's time to get paid. there's no money to pay me. he's making excuses about how he didn't get some money the customer had promised, like i'm too stupid to see where the money really went. anyway, i had nothing else to do, so i worked another week, listening to his promises that i'd be paid the next friday(the end of 3 weeks or work). sure enough, friday came and there's no money to pay me(but there's been blow every day for 3 weeks now). so, i leave. i'm not working for free. and for revenge on getting 3 weeks of work out of me for free, i sent an anonymous letter to every utility he owed money to, telling them where to find him. he immediately had collectors on his doorstep, filing summonses against him, for thousands of dollars. plus, with me not doing any work, the customers went from being impatient with how slowly work was being done, to firing him for breach of contract. good girl gina had enough and dumped him. he had to leave town pretty much immediately. he had no vehicle either, so packed a bag and hitch hiked out of town. last i heard, he was in and out of rehab, still a junkie(about 10 years later), and still going from town to town burning bridges and only concerned about his next high.it happened 5 years ago. i (white atheist male) was living with my (now ex) girlfriend (arab ex-muslim female). her religious parents knew nothing about our relationship and our landlord was aware of our situation and agreed keep it secret if her parents ever showed up unannounced at our apartment. he was nice but he demanded to be paid cash and he refused to gave us receipts as proof of payment. we had no problem with rent money so everything was fine with us. when we found a better apartment we gave him notice that we were moving and he was angry because he didn't want to find new tenants. he said it was illegal because we gave him a 2 month notice and the law here says it must be at least a 3 month notice. well, guess what? since we rented the apartment for less than a year the law says a 1 month notice is enough. so he called my (ex) girlfriend family to let them know about us to get revenge. her mom cried and her dad was mad at her. my (ex) girlfriend cried and i was mad at him. my revenge? after we moved out i kept a copy of the lease and i called both canada revenue agency and quebec revenue agency to let them know about a landlord who possibly didn't pay his taxes. a few months later my former landlord called me to insult me. he said he never reported his renting income and now he knew he was in deep shit. it made me smile 5 years ago and it still makes me smile today.a little back story first. my older brother adopted me when i was 14, i lived with him, his wife, and her two children (one a couple months older than me, the other a year older). i have never gotten along with the younger one, his mother and father went through a divorce and both parents spoiled the hell out of him. his father owned several businesses making around a million a year, so he's your typical entitled douchebag, who has always clashed with me, someone who grew up poor. this is the type of dude that kicked a dog we all raised from a 4 week old puppy because she was excited to see him after not seeing him for six months and she was jumping around. he's the type of dude that has ruined thanksgiving because the milk was 2% instead of 1% by screaming, yelling, and cussing everyone out, at the age of 29. now on to the story: i was on a phone plan with his mother, but i lost my job, unable to pay the last $60 i owe her, but we had worked it out that i would pay her back on thanksgiving by installing a stereo my brother's (her husbands) new pickup. a little over a week ago, i was picking up fallout 4 for a friend who was at work at the gamestop in the local mall (nephew works across the little walkway and saw me walk in from outside where he was walking in to work.). while i'm in line, he comes in, cuts in front of everyone and cusses me out saying i shouldn't be buying games when i owe his mom money. i told him he needed to back the hell off and not talk about shit he knew nothing about. he kept going on and on, running his mouth. i got my friends game and walked out with him following me out the door. when i got to the door, he stopped ranting and went back to work with a smug look on his face. i lived with this guy for years so i know him very well. when i hopped in my car, i realized he had parked in front of me and my dash cam was on. he sells weed out of his truck to subsidize his low wages at the mall, and i remembered that he always showed up to work early to so. i rewound my dash cam, and sure enough, you could clearly see him sell weed. i sent an email with the video of him selling the weed to the management of the mall from a new email address as a "concerned citizen". three days later while talking to my brother, he told me that my nephew got fired from his job and banned from the mall property. my response, "that sucks." enjoy not getting that unemployment check asshole. edit: just a bit of a preface, besides the landlord trying to underpay me, he also sent me emails prior to the court date saying that i have no chance of winning, and should settle for under 50% of the total cost. claims he has never lost in court. waited in the court lobby for nearly two hours. landlord sat close-ish to me and kept trying to make stupid banter/small talk with me. i ignored him completely. finally get pulled into the court room after the office was supposed to have closed (about 4:00pm). the judge asks if there is anything she can do to help us reach an amicable settlement without having to go through the judicial process. i explain that i attempted that before any court proceedings, and landlord would not accept my offer. his counter-offer was unreasonably low. unfortunately we have to do the thing. we are sworn in. judge asks for a copy of the lease. she reads off the monthly rent amount, then the security deposit amount. asks me when i sent it to landlord originally, i tell her around july 4th, 2011. landlord confirms to her that he received it. judge asks landlord what he did with the security deposit. "i deposited it", he says. judge explains that she needs details. what financial institution, type of account, etc. "i just deposited it into my wells fargo (or whatever he said) account." judge lets out an audible sigh. "mr. tenant, where you told what financial institution this was deposited in?". i explain that i was never informed. another audible sigh. judge asks if she can speak with each of us separately. we agree, landlord goes first. about ten minutes later, they return, and i go with the judge. i'm ready to explain all of the claims he made as to why he was keeping the money, show her all of the evidence i've documented and brought with me (brought 3 folders each with their own copies of various things). judge closes the door to her office and explains that he is going to give me the entirety of the deposit. she explains that since he never disclosed the location of the deposit, or put it in an interest bearing account, he essentially had no case. she explains that the **pennsylvania** landlord-tenant act of 1951 is very specific and the landlord has a lot of things he needs to follow. i ask if that means he will also be paying for the court fees (about $133). she tells me that i can request that, but since this will technically be a 'settlement' (she was being nice and not putting in a judgment against him, but he still had to pay the full amount) she didn't ask him about that. i suggest that he pay half (as a sign of good faith, and also i wanted this shit to be done with). she thinks this is very reasonable. we go back into the court room, and she explains that landlord has agreed to pay the full amount, and also informs him that he will be paying half of the court fees. the judge asks how long i'd like to give him. she suggests 3 business days. i offer a full week (because i'm way too fucking nice). landlord offers to write the check right then and there. he does. i receive the check, and i return to him the un-cashed check he originally tried to return me (less than 25% of the initial deposit). in my final moments of glory, the judge again suggests to landlord that he read up on the **pennsylvania** landlord-tenant act of 1951, as being a landlord isn't something you should half-ass. i pipe up and explain to him that i had already done him the favor, and pull out the entire agreement which i had already printed up (and highlighted the relevant sections). i tell him he can keep it, as i've already read it. the judge says we are free to go. today was a good day.setting: a quiet saturday afternoon, lot's of rain, boredom. i was sitting in my room when the doorbell rang. not a rare occurrence by any means, but it was what happened after that was really interesting. my dad opened the door and i peaked out from the banister above the door to see who had come. a man greets my father, asks him if we're selling the car out front. turns out, even though it doesn't say we are, we have been thinking about it for quite some time. the man gives us this sob story about his landscaping business and his pregnant wife and how he really needs this a car. it seems legit, and my initial sketchiness dies down a little. he offers my dad $2k for a truck with 130,000 miles on it. not a horrible offer, so my mom begins the required paperwork to hand over the title and make a bill of sale. she asks for his id and he hands it to her. this is where it gets really interesting. my mom was still somewhat sketched out about a random stranger asking to buy a random car in our driveway that isn't for sale. it was weird, not something that happens every day! and she was right. she looks up his name online and a massive slew of public documents and news stories about scammers buying high mileage cars and selling them for massive profit after turning back the odometer shows up! this man was convicted of a massive fraud ring less than two years ago, and is out on probation from federal prison. he's at it again! i will link the news stories and court public record if allowed (i know private information is frowned upon so i will post without it initially). **mods decided not to allow me to post this info. not sure if i agree since it is all public domain and what better revenge then to out these motherfuckers to the fullest? it is what it is i guess.** my mom tells me to go outside and help my dad bail on this deal. my dad was outside helping the guy look at the car (that shit wouldn't even start ffs), and i tell them that my friend has agreed to give us $3k for it instead and that we were no longer interested. he gives me the lip and i basically tell him to fuck off (subtly, i think they know what's up at this point and i told my dad secretly what was up). i'm a big guy, so the intimidation factor may have been enough to scare them off. my dad and i walk back inside, thinking it's over. it's not over. my mom wrote down the man's state id number, and his address. after contacting the local authorities, they told us to contact the attorney general's office and we've taken it upon ourselves to contact the local news station that ran the stories about him! updates in the near future are sure to follow! hey prorevengers, i just wanted to say how excited we are to have over a thousand readers! we've been a community for about a month and already created a network with /r/escalatingrevenge and /r/myevilplan (see sidebar for multireddit). we are also happy to already have a number of great posts already! we hope to get even more readers soon and become even bigger as well as get even more great stories! thanks to everyone here for subscribing and sharing our sub around reddit!this is from a couple of years ago. leaving work and walking towards my car i notice the pressure in one of the tires is pretty low. i drive to the closest gas station and pull up to the air compressor, it was 75¢ so i put in three quarters and nothing happens. so i walk inside, wait patiently for the cashier to finish ringing up a customer, and then tell her "i think the air compressor is broken, i put in 75¢ and nothing happened." she looked at me and said "yeah, you'll have to go somewhere else." i was a bit taken aback so it probably took me a second to say "uh, well, don't you think you should put up a sign or something? and could i get my quarters back so i can go to another gas station?" i want to stress that my tone was was perfectly polite so i wasn't prepared for how quickly her attitude turned from unfriendly to nasty when she said "you're gonna have to eat it." if she'd said 'sorry, only a manager can do that' or something along those lines, i probably just would've left and forgotten about it, but i didn't like how she was treating me. i kept my cool and, with *very slightly* strained politeness, said "is there a manager or something who can help? i don't have any other change and my tire is really low." "nobody else. anthony's the manager, he's not here, he'll be here in the morning." "alright," i said, "thank you." the next morning, i call the store and the lady who answers sounds like the same cashier. i ask for anthony. "he left before six, he's getting married today, gonna be on his honeymoon for two weeks." "oh, i was there yesterday and i was told he'd be in this morning. well, anyway, i had a problem yesterday afternoon, the air pump stole my change–" "i remember you," so it was the same lady, "i told you to come before 6. no one else gonna get your quarters for you." i started to disagree but realized i wasn't going to get anywhere so i said "okay, thanks anyway" and hung up. the gas station was a franchise of a large brand, so i wrote a quick e-mail to their customer service address. the next morning i get a phone call from the regional manager at the franchisee, which turned out to be a company which owned quite a few gas stations in the area. he apologized for my experience, said they've been having trouble with this store, and asked me to describe the cashier, which i did and he said he'd look into the matter further. he also wanted to reimburse me the 75¢, i told him i was just happy he was taking the matter seriously and that i didn't really care about the money, but he mailed me a dollar and a couple of free car washes anyway, so that was nice. i hadn't expected to hear anything else, but i was very surprised a few days later when the same manager called me again just to tell me that mrs. nasty attitude had been fired for a string of issues including mine as well as accepting bad checks. i felt bad for about half a second, but she was mean, lied, and provided terrible customer service, apparently serially.was told to post here from /r/talesfromcallcentres hey all! i used to work for a cable company in eastern canada [rhymes with lifelink] i finished up with them on good terms about 2 years ago and called in due to some issues with my hardwired speed being 20mbps instead of the 50mbps i was paying for, i knew they could guarantee 80% hardwired as was the policy, this woman i got on the phone argues with me up and down [keep in mind i was a supervisor before i left] that they only guaranteed wireless speeds! i told her she was an outright liar and needed to be retrained, went over company policy and what she was supposed to be doing step by step, eventually she put me on hold for 10 minutes after i requested a supervisor cause i was done dealing with her, she comes back and says "are you ready to speak to me like an adult now envory?" i was pretty ticked, went on facebook and contacted the 3 managers i knew from her callcenter and got them to listen in on the call and advised her of what i had just done, she started apologizing profusely and was almost in tears, found out later she got fired as she had been talked to numerous times about this and would not stop. for all you call centre reps out there that do your job, you're awesome, for those of you that are meh at it but still do it, keep it up, for those of you that blatantly lie to customers to get them off the phone quicker and make them call back to pester another rep, a sincere and heartfelt fuck you. remember some of us used to work for you and know higher ups in your company and will report you. have a nice day :)edit: i speak french so excuse my poor english. scroll down to "where the fun starts" to skip the pre-school fight. i had this really close friend, let's call her bsb (backstabbing bitch), who was talking so much shit behind my back without me ever knowing. i always had doubts that something was fishy but i was not able to prove it. one day a random guy who was a closer friend to me sent me all the text bsb sent him. she was saying stuff like i was just a trash not good enough to be friend with her (she was 22) and that i was fired. bsb said all these things without ever telling me that there was a problem between us so i had no idea what was going on. i confronted bsb by showing her the messages. maybe i was a fool, but i was expecting explanations or apologies. it got bad. instead of taking the blame bsb said my life was over because there was rumours that a guy leaked nudes of me. all this was my fault and i should move out of town, dye my hair, because i was just a whore here. i replied saying i would have told her and defended her if something like that happened to her. i ended the friendship there. they have a family business and i used to help them with some work they couldn't do themselves. i was pretty much the only person in the area to do my job so they were not in a good situation. her mother called me a few times saying she needed some help but i was not changing my mind, it was a no for me. i waited for a year. i waited for apologies, but they never came. out of the blue, bsb sent me a facebook link about soap making(cauz i like soaps) like nothing happened between us. maybe it was to remember herself that she never did anything wrong. i lost my shit there. **this is where the fun starts** revenge is a best dish served cold. i used to help them with their family business for the past 8 years. i knew details of how the business worked and i knew pretty much everything on how they hid money from the irs. i called the irs and told them everything. i told them how they hid the money and where they could get all the proof of their real sales. their real sale is around 30 000$ a month, and they probably declare half of that. when someone was paying them cash they would duplicate the invoice, giving two invoices with the same number to different clients. the catch is, each item they sold had to be inspected by a professional. that professional also had to add a piece to the item before it was sent to the client. the irs only has to ask for the invoices at that professional and they have all the proof of bsb's real sale. they were also shipping every item under their care and the buyer had to pay a 100$ fee cash to the shipper. there is even the details of it on their website. what a bunch of idiots.in 1995-1996, i was a fine and applied arts major in college. basically, i was a guy who loved to paint. as such, i took a job at a major retail art's and craft's chain. we had a great group of people that managed every department. i would work 20-30 hours per week. it was primarily for the discounts i would receive on art supplies. in fact, when old oil colors had "expired", i would receive both the markdown price and the employee discount. life was great. pay was good, and everyone got along. i had worked there for 9 months and everything seemed to being going well until they hired a new person as their assistant store manager. her name was unique (this only matters because of future background checks), but as soon as she was hired, she decided to change things about the store. i am a person who is liberal in many respects, particularly when it comes to fair and equal treatment of all people. but she did not see it in that manner. she was a very militant lesbian. at first we seemed to be friends. she asked me what i thought about her lifestyle and my response is the same as it is today.... everyone deserves the same treatment and opportunities. i don't care what you do... i am neutral in all matters. that was until she started firing people and getting her friends jobs in this store. she had a friend whom wanted a job in the framing dept.... well, she went out of her way to fire a person. she was targeting people so she could hire her friends. she ever fired the 6'3" gay guy from his position in the floral dept so her friend could get a job there. she was just a terrible person with a chip on her shoulder. things came to a head when she made false accusations against both the manager and the other assistant manager for harassment against her gender preference. she had her friends back her claims up. i knew that these 2 individuals made no such claim, as one was a pretty good friend. i knew i was next... and low and behold, that day came. what she failed to acknowledge was that i had been watching and waiting prior to my termination. they became to comfortable in their positions. she and her friends would love to visit this local karaoke bar, after work, and sing. what she failed to understand was that i knew they also loved to go around the back of this bar and smoke pot between their sets. so, i simply called the cops and told them that these people are smoking pot behind this bar. needless to say, she was arrested, as were her cohorts. apparently, as per the grape vine, they were holding. tldr; don't fire people and replace them with your own friends if you are going to do illegal activities and make them know to the staff that hates you!this is my brother's revenge story. he was working for a software company in early 90's or so. this is when companies were writing all kinds of programs to see what would sell. there was a guy who was a friend of all the programmers there. we will call him jimbob. jimbob was allowed to use the software they were programming. as he was their bud and all. this had been going on for sometime. then they found out he was selling the software behind their backs. did they confront him? nope. did they stop lending him the software? big nope. in fact, they made sure he always got whatever new software they came up with. this went on for several months. where is the revenge, you ask? well....they included a little extra code with all the software they let him try. when he made copies and sold the software, the little extra code went with it. now this little bit of code was not included in the legal copies. what did the code do, you ask? oh nothing much. just wiped the hard-drive and put a bouncing pumpkin on the screen that laughed at you. and if you cleaned your hard-drive and reinstalled the software, it would automatically go off as the start date had passed. when did it go off, you ask? why on halloween of course. he called them the next day about it. their response "everybody who has a **legal** copy of our software is having no problems whatsoever." and that is when he realized he had been busted. he never asked for another piece of software from them ever again. i joined the navy when i was 18, ended up as a corpsman in iraq and afghanistan, and, when i returned, found out that i was going to have to take classes to even become an emt. fuck that, right? so i did the next best thing: i got a degree in economics. now i see you there, grinning ear to ear. what an idiot, right? well, it turned out pretty well for me. i picked up a job for 35k/yr as a business consultant for a smallish company in the area. now, i'll use a pseudonym for my boss's name here, he'd be jeff. so i'm 25, fresh with a ba in econ(studying with sandy pants ain't fun), with a pretty decent job. jeff and i seem to get along, the only problem is that he's...a product on the 80s. everything was about cutting corners and cutting costs as much as possible to stay stable in bad times. but this was around 2009, and my take on it was that it'd lead to businesses continuing to drop out. they cut costs, which cuts demand in the area, which further kills businesses, so we have to expand our areas further and further just to break even. and, you know, i'm okay with this, because where he'd offer his 'expertise' in business, i'd offer mine from an economics standpoint, and much of the time, my ideas ended up with better results. well, jeff doesn't like this, too much. he cut his teeth in business when i was still in diapers, right? so he keeps moving me off projects and onto smaller ones, where the commission isn't as great, and the businesses are already knee deep in cost cutting, so it's almost impossible to turn it around as people keep leaving the area because they've been foreclosed on. but that isn't what got me. oh, no. we're talking about a six figure contract now, and he taps me to work on it because we recently lost a senior analyst. this is my chance, right? so i work with this business for months straight, and slowly, what started as a 10% quarterly loss turned to 5%, then breaking even, before finally turning a profit. it'd be a nice tidy bonus for me. bzzt, wrong! after the latest quarterly report pegged their growth at around 3%, they started slipping back, again. why, you ask? because my boss went over my head and started offering his own consultation. they'd make much more money, he reasoned, if they just cut back on workers, brought on some temps at half the pay of their staff, or eased off of maintenance of their machinery. so they started doing that, and they started falling behind. my boss then blamed this on me, and my "delusions of grandeur" and my "naivete." i figured out that he had been reviewing my work, then replacing my suggestions and analysis with his own. they fired, under his consultation, half of their work force, who knew what they were doing by then, and replaced them with temps who...didn't know what they were doing. the resultant waste numbers blossomed higher than they've ever been, and they were mad. they wanted blood, and my phone was ringing off the hook as they blamed me for their company's negative turnaround. so i quit. but i was so damned mad -- madder than i was when a marine would shake me up at 0300 because he had guard duty at 0400 and the fucking french shared their wine with him. i wasn't doing anything with my money. between extra from gi bill, post 9/11 money, bonuses, and my wonderful paycheck, i already had a stable home, and enough money saved up that i didn't have to work for about 10 years. but that's not revenge, is it? it started small. i worked out of my apartment calling up the small businesses that i had successfully consulted for over the couple years. freed them from the oppressive grasp of my former boss, who had started filling their heads with fear mongering about wasted profit. 1 business turned into 3, then 10. jeff's company was starting to flounder, because while the larger businesses paid much more because of their size and complexity, the bulk of his profit came from the smaller, quicker jobs with tinier independent companies. with this new profit, i put a down on a small property down the road from jeff's office. one of the many businesses that shut down during the recession, partly due to his corrupting influence. i needed more people, so i hired a recent econ grad to help me out. i bide my time, snatching up small contracts, and working on pulling the larger ones. lots of driving, coldcalls, and actively showing up. i finally returned to the company that had trouble before -- the one jeff threw me under the bus for, and lo and behold, who do i find? but jeff himself. the owner of this company was having a rather heated argument with jeff about the state of his business, and jeff, being who he was, was talking his way out of it. so i roll up, portfolio in hand, filled with the successful reports from the small businesses i already took from jeff, and as soon as he sees me, his eyes go wide as dinner plates. in front of god and everyone, i start my pitch, i push this portfolio onto the owner and explain, in cold, calculating detail, how i managed to keep these businesses running. the gears are turning in the owner's head, and jeff looks apoplectic, before i add "before jeff decided he knew better than i did, i was doing this for your business, too." all hell breaks loose. jeff just wails on me. "you ungrateful little shit," and "after all i did for you," "nobody else would hire a college puke with no business experience." the owner had him escorted off the property, and i offered my services to his company for free until he realized that i knew what i was doing. a few months later, i had a neat little six figure contract of my own -- my very first one -- and i brought two more people on payroll. jeff wasn't too happy, though. oh, no. he started sending me harassing e-mails, thinly veiled(or not at all) threats, so i responded the best way i could. i sent him a bouquet of flowers with my card, and on the back of it, "sorry to hear about your business troubles. if you need a business consultation, you're welcome to give me a call." it is now 2016, and his business has shuttered. i'm currently working from home due to a accident that broke my arm(broke it in three places, it is not fun), but my second in command, a woman who also served in iraq, and now with an econ degree of her own, called me on monday. we picked up another six figure contract, and we'll need new people. she had someone in mind for the position, best resume in the pile, a guy by the name of jeff, with 40 years of business consultation experience. i told her to toss the resume and go for someone a little fresher. feels good, man. so fucking good. i used to work as medic in the canadian oil patch, good job for the most part as it pays more and is less stressful than ground ambulance. i did a few years responding to 911 calls then took some time off to live in new zealand. when i came back to canada i was strapped for cash and looking to get back to work quickly so i took a job with the first company that called me back. interview goes well, i get a start date, a daily wage rate and for the time couldn't be happier. doing this job was apiece of cake, basically it involves sitting in a truck with a mtc ( mobile treatment center) stuffed in the box, think pick up truck with camper. mostly the reason medical staff is required has to do with ohs legislation. if you are x amount of time from hospital and doing "high risk" work you need dedicated ems . i spent 20 days away from home at this remote work site where they were fracking gas wells and by the 20th day couldn't wait to get home, i was excited to get my first real pay check in nearly a year and planning on first paying off some bills and then getting blackout drunk. this is where shit went sideways on me - i tore open the mail box like a child on christmas morning, grabbing my check i headed down to the bank. opening the letter i froze, wtf? i'm missing over 1,000 $ - a cursory glance at my attached paystub revealed i was getting paid 75$ per day less than i expected. "okay" i think to myself "must be a mistake, i'm sure they'll rectify it for me". the next day i went down to the office and met with asshat manager and a few other office people. we sat down and talked it over and i asked if it was a mistake and when could i be expecting the rest of my pay. am looked at me squarely and said " you won't be getting that extra money, i have discussed it with the rest of management and we have agreed no one told you that you would be getting 400 $ / day. we only pay 325$ to start" "well i'm not saying you all told me i would start at 400$. you am told me i would get 400 the day you hired me" he always had this creepy little smirk on his face and i began to understand the underlying reason( kinda looked like the " pedo smile") smirking at me he began " why would i start you at the top wage? we'd have no where to go, you wouldn't ever be able to get a raise and that wouldn't be fair now would it? " i replied " that doesn't bother me, besides you told me i would get 400$" with that smirk still plastered across his face he said " i don't remember that, did you get it in writing? " at this point i knew he got one over on me and while internally livid i tried not to betray any emotion. " no i guess i didn't " am- " well there you go, so let's get this settled while you are here, you'll get 325$ as a day rate and we're all in agreement. is that okay? can you live on that? " i agreed without too much fanfare and left wordlessley cursing him and his progeny down the generations. i start looking for jobs immediately as i'm not about to continue working for that asshole if i don't have to but remembering at the same time i'm not suited for unemployment. 3 days into my scheduled 10 off i get a call from am " hi astakask, can you work tomorrow? i've got a job and our medic is sick, it's really important, they're doing a large gas frac in the morning" "sure" i says. "great, you'll have to come by tonight and grab a truck, i won't be there so i'l give you the gate code to the yard and leave the keys in the gas cap". " you need to drive out to site tonight and be there for the 6am start" "you bet boss" i said barely keeping my voice even. at this point i decided to say "fuck it unemployment isn't all that bad" fast forward to 7am the next day. the phone call i was expecting from am arrives " where the fuck are you!??" " what do you mean? " "you needed to be at the jobsite for 6am! i just got a call from the oil company! where the fuck are you!!? " " i'm at home " " what!? you were going on this job, we talked last night!! " " hmmm, i don't remember this.... did you get it in writing? " i promptly hung up and then turned my phone off. now they couldn't start that job and it was my company's fault. if you know anything about fracking it's hella expensive and they ended up having to pay for all the labor costs during the delay. i got threats of legal action and such so i know it cost them thousands. i hope it was worth it. i don't burn my bridges, i take off and nuke them from orbit... it's the only way to make sure. it's been almost 8 years, that company eventually folded and nothing ever came of their saber rattling . i still get a good chuckle when i imagine that asshole going red in the face. tldr ; company didn't pay me what i deserved and it ended costing them thousands more. if you need to link to a news story, picture, etc., that is fine, this is only so that the reader doesn't get ripped away from their current page because the op was too lazy to copy and paste a self post story. this will not affect links posted prior to this. if your post violates the new rule, it will be taken down until it's fixed. if you saw something on reddit or some other website and you're not sure if posting a link to it violates the new rule, feel free to message the mods to ask. thank you to everyone who gave their opinion for this new rule and thank you everyone for your cooperation.i work for a privately owned, fairly large sales company with $500 million a year in sales. our business model relies on a talented sales force to bring in the revenue. our founder very early on in his days brought on a young man who went on to become our ceo for over 30 years. this ceo was responsible for our massive growth and mergers with other players in the same field. he made this company great, and his motto was this "the sales force always comes first" he understood that in this business environment that was very competitive the only way to succeed was with a properly, well trained sales force. because of him we have the best compensation package in the industry. in 2006 old age struck him down and in 2007 he passed away surrounded by family, and loyal long term co-workers. at first the company decided they would simply use the vps to run the company, kind of like a democracy around them. they let things go and we did alright. however in 2008-2009 we experienced some extreme hardship due largely to the economy. in 2010 it was decided to bring in a ceo to lead the road to recovery. when the new ceo came in 2010 he decided the best course of action was cost cutting and layoffs. he also decided that the sales force had too many products and cut the sales force in two team. one side of the sales force sold product a the other side sold product b. although both options are from the same industry, they provide different benefits and disadvantages and depending on your customer product a might be better or product b might be better. this created a lot of tension among the sales team. never the less he was the ceo and could do as he please at least he left our compensation package alone. just to qualify how frustrating this is imagine you have customer a come in, and you’re on team b however customer a is you’re customer and he wants product a. you have to hand over that customer to team a and lose the deal. before you could just sell him product a and be happy. well it came to our yearly meeting where we celebrate our success and discuss how next year can be better. their was a really dirty rumor going around that the commission agreement was going to be cut significantly. this didn't sit well among the sales force. so the top 20% of the sales force gathered together, by the way the top 20% produced approximately 70% of the sales. we held the majority of the company revenue and profits in our hands. we all agreed prior to the meeting when the new plan was to be unveiled if it would result in a significant cut of more then 8% we'd walk out of the room. this is a company of 250 people, 180 of which are the sales force. the commission plan was unveiled with the new ceo at the top of the stage explaining how this was necessary to protect the company future. a 25% pay cut...what the hell was this man thinking? his justification? its still above industry average. well our costs are below industry average cause we have an excellent sales team who reduces your costs therefore pay us. never the less a heated exchange/debate went on. when finally with the ceo not budging when one of the best sales person stood up and said to the ceo that a large majority of the sales staff had heard we might be getting a pay cut and had agreed that if we did we'd walk out the door. to which the ceo responded "then you will be terminated for insubordination and replaced" btw the guy who he said this to produced $25 million dollar in revenue the year before. all of us at the same time got up and walked out of that conference room. in total the 37 of us who walked out of that conference room were responsible for $350 million dollars of the company revenue. the vps were very worried. if you think 2009 was bad imagine losing a huge chunk of your most talented sales people. very quickly the sales vp pulled me aside and asked me what was going on i explained to him that we hated what this ceo has done to this company and we want him out. the vp also asked other sales people and the opinion among the staff was the same. we were told to take a break and they'd figure something out. 2 hours later myself and 2 others were called into a meeting to represent the sale staff. it was myself and 2 others, along with the vp of marketing, sales, accounting, product mgt, a lawyer or two, and the family was on the phone. we had a an agreement signed by the a large chunk of the sales staff that demanded one of two outcomes 3% pay increase or ceo resign, and the products no longer be divided with the same commission agreement as before however it not be cut. needless to say the ceo was unhappy with the agreement and decided to stand firm. it was obvious to everyone that ceo was the only one that was going stand firm, i guess his ego was blinding him. after we refused to budge on our demands (to be fair the vp team wasn't that inclined to argue with us we were asked to leave. the next morning we were all called into the conference room. the vp of sales got up on the stage and basically said "as you can see mr. dickhead isn't here anymore...he decided to pursue a different career path and resign. we have since decided to make some changes to our business our products again will be all under one team, and the commission agreement will be unchanged" since then we've vowed to not have a ceo, our founders son acts as a silent ceo. so just because your the ceo and your the boss doesn't mean you can do anything you like. by the way since 2010 we've grown significantly even in this challenging environment. soo... some dude stole my brand new iphone 5s 64gb out of my hands at starbucks. when he was running out the door he was hit by a ambulance! he kept running, but he dropped his phone. i have his phone, pictures of him, his facebook page, his boss's number, his position at his job, naked picture of some chick thats not his girlfriend etc... my phone is now in lost mode and i see where it is on the map, the police are informed, our insurance will cover it and again, i have his phone with all his contacts, including his boss and girlfriend. should i let it go and take my insurance check or take my insurance check and ruin this guy's life? ruin his life you say? looks like this jerk stole the wrong guy's iphone. thanks! not me, but a guy i worked with 10 years ago. i guess it counts as a revenge. i worked with a guy who really stuck it to his ex wife. when i met him he was working in a sporting goods store making 8 dollars an hour. he was not really like the other retail monkeys. he was older, well groomed, well spoken, clearly educated etc. one night after work he gets into his car, and i couldn't help but notice that it was a very very nice newish jaguar. i asked him how he could afford it and he explained it to me: he had been an svp at a well known fortune 50 company (which i will not mention the name of!), pulling in 300k with bonuses and stock options. he was married but the marriage fell apart and in the divorce, she demanded that she get the house and 40% of his wages. he and his lawyer somehow managed to get her to agree to let him keep the house in exchange for 75% of his pay..no dollar figure or employer specified lol. as soon as she took the settlement he quit his job and looked for a minimum wage job. he said to me that "she gets 75% of nearly nothing now". he had other money stashed away, so he didn't even need the job and he had the house and it's equity as well. also, no kids, so there was no child support. just alimony. she was furious of course, and tried to re-sue him but failed at least once and when she claimed that the settlement was not keeping her in the life style she was accustomed to, he simply told the judge that the divorce was traumatic to him and he could no longer do his old job as a result. at least at that time, she did not manage to get out of the deal. not sure how it all ended. but i thought it was fucking brilliant if not crazy-level spiteful. he was a good employee too...good with customers, showed up on time, no bullshit absenteeism or anything like that. he claimed he loved each payday because it reminded him how little she was getting. this is a story about some revenge i orchestrated on behalf of my best friend. my best friend is an artist. she makes her living on her art, which is a pretty difficult thing to do. she also pays me to handle the day-to-day business end of things that she doesn't like to deal with. so when someone tries to screw her over, i have a vested interest in putting a stop to it. my friend's art is fairly popular online, which means it gets stolen a lot. one of the things i take care of is keeping an eye out for infringement and contacting the people who have stolen from her. i try to handle things civilly. most of the thieves honestly don't know better. they're the kind of people who think that because they 'found it on google images' it's free for anyone to use. most of the time they apologize and agree to stop once i explain to them that it is copyright infringement. a couple of months ago i came across a guy who had taken one of my friend's product designs, copied it exactly, and was now making and selling copies via instagram. unlike most of the people i deal with, this guy was actually an artist himself. he was a college student majoring in social media and minoring in product design. so you'd think he'd understand copyright and how to behave on the internet, right? nope. he gave a half-assed apology and promised not to sell the reproductions anymore. a few months later i was doing my usual google searches to hunt for art thieves when i came across the same guy. he was no longer selling the design, but he had added photos of it to his digital resume, his linkedin, and his profile on behance (a website where artists and designers go to show off and get jobs). now this guy has a huge social media presence (as you'd expect from someone with a degree in social media). he has an account with every social media website in existence (and about fifty i've never heard of). the guy is obviously using social media and networking to land his first big job since he graduated in may. and he's using my friend's art and claiming it as his own in order to get hired! potential employers are going to hire him based on a product design that he stole! now at this point, i'm pissed. i've given him a chance to do the right thing. he knows that he's in the wrong here. he's been caught, and instead of apologizing and moving on, he's posted my friend's work all over the internet claiming it as it's own. i can tell from the date on the posts that he uploaded all these images after we talked to him and informed him that he was infringing on her copyright. that's when i decided to hit him where it hurt. right now there is nothing more important to this guy than his name. so i wrote up a blog post with the guy's name and a long documentation of his theft (including all the photos). the post spread like wildfire, and within just a few hours the search results for the guys name lead to my post. my post is currently the 8th result when you search the guys name. **tl:dr - you steal my friend's art for your resume, i make sure all your potential employers know what kind of person you are.** sometimes the easiest way to deal with an asshat is to get accountants and the government involved. it all started out normally enough. through some acquaintances, my so and i met a couple that'd just recently moved close to where we were living. we attended their house warming and spent a few other nights hanging out. it'd really be nothing to write home about if my so hadn't come to me asking me why the guy in this other couple messaged him letting him know that his girlfriend was convinced that i was trying to steal her boyfriend. if that sentence left you confused, i was too. the girlfriend didn't say a word to me, but spun some tale to her boyfriend who also didn't say anything to me, but started messaging my so this nonsense. the boyfriend... unattractive doesn't describe him, but it starts to come close. if he was the last man on earth, i'd become very familiar with my right hand. as you might imagine it's hard to definitely prove that you didn't do something and it wasn't just flirting that i apparently engaged in according to them. i was apparently running my mouth about all sorts of stuff and causing issues for them. i apparently told nameless others that he was cheating on her and that she was cheating on him and that she was only in it for the money and on and on. (i'm saying "nameless" because they were never produced. ...because it never happened. i'm convinced that it was something she made up.) it became a they said - she said with my so in the middle. redditors, i honestly didn't do any of the shit that i got accused of. it was all catching me totally off guard. i told them to piss off and broke all ties. two months later, i get a message asking me why i was sending snail mail letters to the boyfriend's mother implying that the girlfriend was a stripper and a whore. i didn't know the mother or the address and thought that the girlfriend was a dramawhore, but not a streetwalker. this time i'd really had enough. i didn't want them and their drama making regular reappearances in my life. a conversation that i'd overheard between the boyfriend and another guy popped into my head while i was seeing red. the boyfriend owned his own company and had been bragging about how he didn't pay his taxes and neither did his company. i know my way around the internet a little bit, so i started researching him and his company. i took screenshots of what i found which included two different instances of him confessing to the tax evasions on social media sites. (i read far too many comment threads and posts of his and discovered his presence on some eye raising sites in the process.) i took what i had and both mailed hard copies to a few local irs criminal investigator agents as well as emailed it to them. (after i was done looking up the boyfriend and his companies i started looking up the information of people in the local irs office who would be tasked with investigating him). i corresponded with one of the irs agents briefly and then there was a silent pause in which i'd considered it all going nowhere. and then i heard it through the grapevine... irs agents had shown up at his home. they had investigated him and his company. together he owed something close to $2 million in back taxes. (it'd been years since he'd paid both.) he ended up having to downsize his lifestyle a bit to start making the payments. i know he'd started hiding some of his assets by putting them in her name so i know that the girlfriend got dragged into the investigation too. i think that it all freaked his girlfriend out and stressed their relationship because she ended up leaving him shortly after it all started. i still honestly don't understand what the point of all of the accusations was. my so doesn't have any insights either. i know i probably should have directed more of my efforts towards the girlfriend, but he was the one who unknowingly and unintentionally gave me some nice ammunition to extract some revenge against the both of them. he's now working to pay what he owes and she's now living at home and working in retail. they don't talk. i haven't heard a peep from either one of them for the last almost 2 years, so i'm satisfied with how things ended. they don't know that it was me who give the irs much of what they needed.sorry this is short, but there really isn't a whole lot that went into it. basically, we have a vp who is the caricature of asshole bosses. he verbally abuses his subordinates, he confuses bullying with "leadership", and he doesn't have a god damn clue what he's doing. well, i and a few other project managers had enough of his shit. we met for lunch, and one of my colleagues came up with a great plan... we learned the cso's daughter was looking for a position. so, we put in a recommendation for her, and told her to do everything she could to hide her relation, under the auspices that the vp and her dad didn't get along, and wanted to make sure she could get the job. she got the job. it went way better than we hoped. not only did he give her shit and swear at her on a number of occasions, apparently he called her into his office and told her the only position he was willing to keep her for was "under his desk." we got the organizational announcement on friday*, and it seems the vp is "off to pursue the next great chapter of his life." i hope that chapter involves him shoveling shit somewhere. *i didn't see the announcement until today, when one of the other pms texted "mission accomplished." i get dozens of those things in a week, and i just ignore them, half the time.i work at a grocery store. i do my job and i do it well. i'm known as the person everyone can count on and i'm well liked and respected. my coworker has worked there longer than me. she went to college and considers herself better and smarter than everyone else. she constantly acts like she is the boss of the place and is always telling me what to do and making up rules that aren't needed. if anyone makes any kind of mistake, she makes a huge deal about it. she has to go around tell every single person. if someone messes up something in production, she brings it around and shows it to everyone. she also constantly complains about the way people do things, even things that aren't relevant to her job at all. for example, at night the closers have to go and get packaging that we use to package what we make. i tend to wait until something is actually getting low and grab a whole box of the item from the supplies area in the back of the store, rather than grabbing a tiny bit of everything every night because i think it wastes time. to most people, it doesn't matter what way you do it because either way it gets done. not this girl. she constantly complains about me doing it this way and says that "i never fill the packaging" and "i don't do anything but sit around when i close." she constantly goes to the managers about this issue and they ignore her because it doesn't matter. so she complains loudly and often about how our managers are idiots who don't know how to run anything. she does shit like this constantly. i used to just ignore her, but i finally snapped. i came in the other day and she had gone around telling everyone and all of the managers that i hadn't pulled the icing out of the fridge the night before so it would be soft for decorating cakes in the morning. she gave me a lecture when i walked in and i informed her that yes, i did, i pulled several buckets. she then responded, "oops, i thought you didn't. i didn't know the date yesterday." so, we had plenty of icing for the day, but she was going to yell at me anyways because in her eyes i should've pulled more anyways. she had also already gone around telling all the managers and my coworkers that i didn't do it and didn't bother to apologize or correct herself to anyone, making me look bad. i was done. this happens so damn often. so done, i proceeded to go on facebook and print out every instance of her insulting a customer on facebook for the last few months. this was easy because she never shuts up and posts long, angry tirades often. when i was done i had 10 different posts that were at least a paragraph long. her page is completely public so anyone can see these. in the posts she called customers various things. disgusting pigs because when she was eating lunch she could hear someone chewing next to her, that she wished she could "slap the fuck out of them", idiots, had terrible taste, mocked a black customer's name along with a picture of her cake, called a customer a crazy bitch, and called our shoppers lazy fatasses because there was a loose shopping cart in the parking lot. so i gave it to my manager who is taking it straight to hr today. our company takes this kind of thing extremely seriously since we are all about customer service. i can't fucking wait. she will have no idea who did it either because she has pissed off everyone. it could be anyone. a couple years back i moved into this real exclusive apartment building in the miami beach area. i had no clue at the time my landlord was a fascist dictator. after she took my deposit and we moved in the problems started . she had all sorts of crazy rules like shirts on for men at the pool , no talking on cell phones in the hallway, no overnight visitors and a whole list of shit she literally made up and applied whenever she wanted. i knew she was fucked off in the head and we generally tolerated it until one day she decided kids were not allowed to play in the courtyard. she started harassing my son on a regular basis telling him he was not allowed to play in the courtyard. however i had an ace up my sleeve. see i took a real estate course a few years back and i knew that discrimination against kids in any way shape or form was against federal law. revenge time. i told my son to ignore her and play as much as he wants as late as he wants , granted he did his home work and his room was clean. one day she had enough and snapped even going as far as to scream at all the kids in the courtyard. she then knocked on every door who had a kid and informed them that playing in the courtyard by kids was not allowed. when she came to me i simply asked her to hand it to me in writing. she did. needless to say , i hired an attorney and won. 6 figure sum of which 30% went to my sons trust in his name. the owner of the building stood by her side the entire time and so rightfully the suit cost him the building. he was forced to sell the building. the new owner hired me as the building manager. i was the resident manager for over two years. pro revenge. not sure how pro this was but here it is anyway. a friend of mine put an ad in the local paper looking for a flatmate and had to go through the odious task of meeting and choosing one. this guy called her up and was sounding a little weird. he started asking her if there was enough room for his suits in the wardrobe and she said that she thought so, but he wasn't convinced and kept going on about it. she quickly put him in the no category and when he asked for the address, she balked and made an excuse about not knowing when she could show him. she got his number and told him that she'd call him when she had time. he called back a couple of days later after not hearing from her and she told him that the room was taken. he got abusive and called her a number of names so she hung up. this guy called a couple more times over the next few days to tell her what a bitch she was. this guy was a total asshole, and my friend felt unsafe but luckily he only called a couple of times. we waited a couple of weeks and i placed an ad in the free section of the local paper. because it was free, there was no payment for the ad and no way to trace it apart from the throwaway email address that i made. the ad read something like. free armani suits. i'm going overseas and am giving away my entire collection of immaculate armani suits. first in, takes the lot. this guy started getting calls at 5:30 in the morning from every secondhand dealer, bargain hunter and who knows who else..i know because i called him at about 11:00am and he was going nuts. it was hilarious and i wish that i'd recorded it. he figured that someone had placed the ad and gotten the number wrong. i ran the ad again the following week with the same results :)a friend of mine was electrocuted at work. it was pretty bad. later on, he was fired because he was electrocuted. fortunately he turned that around when he learned he could get disability for the electrocution, but it knocked out several teeth that aren't coming back. anyway, i called osha and told them about the electrocution. they weren't so interested in that, but perked right up when i told them that the place routinely locked the emergency fire exit doors to prevent employees from stepping outside to sneak a smoke. well, they inspected, found the locked emergency exit doors, and went to town on them. turns out a long time ago a business on the east coast locked the security doors and there was a fire, killing several dozen people. osha gets very very sensitive about stuff like that. the owner was fined $40k for the security doors. he also spent quite a bit of money fighting it for 10 years, but eventually had to pay anyway.on the advice of my attorney, i started recording all calls with my ex during the divorce process. indiana (at least at the time) was a single party consent state. meaning only one person in the conversation had to know it was being recorded. the look on her face when i hit play and the judge got to hear her say "i don't give a fuck what that bitch judge says, you get visitation when i say you get visitation" was absolutely priceless. can you say contempt of court? i got everything i wanted out of the divorce with the judge landing on my side for any contentious items. she even made my ex pay my attorney fees. tl:dr don't ever get caught calling a female judge a bitch edit: the contempt was for refusing to comply with a court order of visitation. not the language she used. but the language she used did seem to prejudice the judge in my favor from that point on. copied and pasted from [this thread](this is from /u/joe64x in /r/britishsuccess: some twat in a company van cut up this man who was driving his family around and later verbally assaulted him. unfortunately for this twat, he had a front-mounted dashcam and is a web developer. he bought the company's website and posted the whole story and video there. enjoy! (story contains some obscenities, beware) at one point a couple of years ago i worked for a calling center. basically that's what it was, literally. people would receive different letters from different clients of ours and call in to schedule an appointment if they were interested. pretty harmless stuff, at least i wasn't calling people out of the blue and bugging them. so one day, a couple of months into the job i received a call. i started out with the normal "thank you for calling, am i speaking with (said his name. all of the letters sent out obviously had name and address on them, so saying their name made it a bit more personal and less robotic) he confirmed that yes i was and spent the next 45 seconds calling me every name in the book. he told me he was sick of getting the letters that i was a cunt and that i was a slut and a whore and if "i lived any closer to your office i would come over and beat your brains in with a fucking baseball bat, skank" when i could finally get a word in edgewise i told him we would be more than happy to put him on the do not call list and to have a nice day. right before i was able to hang up he yelled "don't you fucking hang up on me cunt, i will find you and kill you" okay, first of all i was working from home 4 states away from the return address he had received, so i wasn't too worried about that. it just pissed me off that he made the choice to pick up the phone and call the # from a letter that he obviously wasn't interested in. he could have just thrown it away. so later that day, when things slowed down a bit i did a google on his name (it's a pretty rare name) and found out 2 things. 1)he has a facebook with 2 friends (1 of them being his mother, the other being his brother) and loves playing farmville. 2) he is a fucking neo-nazi who makes comments on some pretty extreme websites. this includes (but is not limited to) threats against the dirty whores who live across the street to him (he wanted to rape them until they bled, so they knew what real pain was) threats against minorities annnnnnnnnnnnnd threats against the president. now i am not saying this happened but the fbi may or *cough* not have received an attachment with this guys name, phone # and address along with copies of his threats to the commander in chief. i mean, maybe that happened. who knows? :) be careful who you are a dick too, i guess is the moral of the story. or just don't be a dick. even better!not sure if this story should go under /r/pettyrevenge or this subreddit, but here goes. i was recently working this one telecommuting contracting job making decent money. we had an opening and i'm trying to come up with people who would actually be good for the position and would stay long term. i talk to a person who i used to work with at another company who i find out is actually looking for a new job, lives in the middle of nowhere, and has turned his life around from being a big time drug user to being a born again christian. because of his born again status and because i knew he had the skill set we need, i help get him hired. all i ask in return is that he gives me a gift certificate at amazon, because he can't buy me lunch anytime soon, living in nowheresville. well, 2 years have past. i left for another job that had full benefits. he was promoted to supervisor at the old job. it's been interesting watching him on fb: 1. he's thrown away all his secular music. not donate it, **thrown it away.** 2. he's gotten heavily into guns and buys/trades them regularly. 3. he's gotten into buying various pairs of sneakers. yet no gift certificate, even though i've gently reminded him about it once or twice. unfortunately the contract he was working on has recently ended and now he's looking for a new job. my company have plenty of job openings, and he even asked me to help float his resume along. i said to him,"remember how i helped you get the last job? remember that gift certificate you kept promising me you send me? exactly why should i help you now?" his response was to defriend me on facebook. how christ-like of him. :-)we all love prorevenge and reading your great stories but as the sub has grown to over 20,000, the number of posts hasn't significantly grown. as an attempt to add more content to the sub, starting today we will be allowing links to be posted for the next two weeks. this is only a trial and we won't make a final decision until the trial period is over. while we realize quality is often better than quantity, we also think there are some really good stories out there from other sources. some people have pasted stories here and while that's fine, it's also a hassle and we feel there are a number of reasons allowing links could be beneficial. for the trial period all posts will be allowed - pictures, news stories, blogs, etc. but if we do decide to allow links when this is over, we may limit what is allowed. we care about your feedback so please comment in this post or message the mods your feelings on this new trial. we want what's best for the users so we care about what you all want. just as a friendly reminder, please still follow the rules and be polite to each other. also, please never post personal information and never ask for information. thank you.some background info: this guy was had bullied me during intermediate school (grades 5-6). this story takes place during high school my sophomore year about a year ago. this guy, lets call him 'arse', gets involved in the group called vemma. basically it's a huge pyramid scheme where they try to make you sell energy drinks called verve to others and recruit others into the group. joining costs $500 dollars to get product to give out to people and you pay $100 every month for a refill. i personally loved these energy drinks but there was no way in hell i was paying for them. (additional info at the bottom) arse messages me on facebook trying to get me to go to a meeting at a guys apartment for a business meeting and that there would be free energy drinks. he never specified what it was for but i went anyways. i listen to what they have to say and figure what it is and i tell them that i don't have the money but if he pays for it that i would make enough money to pay him back. he knew i was smart and he thought i would be able to do it. i wait a few days for iirc was 180 cans of drinks to arrive. as soon as i get them i close the vemma account and message him "karma is a bitch isn't it? thanks for the drinks" this happened about 10 years ago when i was still in high school. i used to work at a restaurant as a bus boy. one particular night, a man came in by himself and ordered a pizza, and appetizer, and a few beers. nothing weird about him, but it was a slow night, and i distinctly remember him because i'm fairly certain he had come in to dine before. he ate his food and left. i cleaned the table after he left, and as soon as i was finished, the waitress who had his table asked me if i accidentally threw his bill and money away. now at this point i had been working at the restaurant for 2 years, and i always check to make sure there isn't any money or credit card receipt on the table before i throw anything away. well the guy had left without paying. yeah it sucks, and yes the waitress got stiffed on a mediocre tip, but it sucks knowing that we probably would never catch the guy because who is dumb enough to come back to a restaurant in which you previously dined and dashed? well fast forward 3 weeks. it's another slow night, and i notice a familiar face walk in the door. he's by himself, and one of the waitresses sits him at a booth. now i know for sure that this is the same guy that was in the restaurant 3 weeks prior that left without paying. i asked the waitress what he ordered, and it was an appetizer and a pizza. i told the owner that this guy was the same guy that stiffed the restaurant 3 weeks ago. the owner pulled up that old receipt and it was identical to what the guy had just ordered. one of the pizza cooks was pretty ghetto looking. he had lots of tattoos up and down his arms, and had a general mean look on his face most of the time (he was actually a very nice guy). so the owner told him to go stand by the door in case the guy tried to leave without paying. the pizza cook also made a point to not break eye contact with the customer. at this point, everyone working knew what was going on, so occasionally other employees would come to the dining room floor and take a peek at the guy. the guy started noticing that the employees were looking at him, and he became obviously uncomfortable. the manager went to his table and explained that his food was ready, but he would have to pay his bill before he received his food (she didn't mention his other unpaid bill yet). he then requested that his order be "to go." the manager went back and packed up his food. meanwhile, the guy got up to use the bathroom. once he walked toward the bathroom, the pizza cook watching the door left his post to go talk to the manager about what was going on. the guy saw his opportunity and booked it out of the restaurant. the manager and i both saw him leave, so she ran out after the guy. she caught up to him pretty quick and asked why he left and that he didn't pay his bill. he tried to play dumb and said "really? i thought i left money at the table." the manager told him "no, you didn't pay, and you also didn't pay for your meal last time you were here." he then said "well i only live a few blocks away, i was just running home to go get money to pay for my food." the manager brought the guy back in and sat him down at the bar then proceeded to call the police. the cops showed up a few minutes later and asked the guy why he didn't pay this time or last time. the guy exercised his right to remain silent and was put in hand cuffs and walked out of the restaurant into the back seat of the police car all while the employees and the few customers that were present were all clapping loudly. the guy never came back after that. tl;dr: guy leaves restaurant without paying, comes back 3 weeks later and tries to do the same thing. gets caught and arrested.tldr: ex roommate posts craigslist ad for a prostitute with my number and it soon backfires. my roommate (we’ll call him sleazebag) was engaged to his girlfriend of 3 months. since we shared a room whenever we wanted private time we had to make sure the other wasn’t going to be around. it was all fine for the first few months but then it got excessive. they would text me once a day around 3pm usually when i would finish my last class asking if i could give them “alone time.” for a few hours. for a while i dealt with it and would go to the gym for a while. one day he asked if he could have the room for about 30 minutes, which i replied “fine but i do have to study for an exam and need my stuff at some point today.” well an hour goes by and i decide that it’s been enough time so i go into my room. they both yell that they had just started. i grabbed my books that were near the door and left. that night i get a hate filled text about how “i am the worse roommate ever” and how i was “ruining their relationship.” i just ignored the text and came back to the room when i was done studying. he then started doing petty things such as trashing my plastic and foam plates and bowls, putting his trash on my table/bed, drawing penis’ on my work. well one day i was in my room on my laptop and i hear the two start cracking up. sleazebag goes “hey take a look at this.” he shows me an ad of craigslist with my phone number posted as a male gay prostitute. i tell him to remove the ad and that it wasn’t funny, which he insisted was just a prank and that no one would call. soon i get a text from some random number. so at that point i decide to get some revenge. well they had a particular schedule, sex every afternoon at 3pm. i had remembered there was a way to have two numbers to call each other. the number of the rando still in my phone because i never delete texts, and i decided to have the two call each other. well my roommate answered and tried to find out how this guy got his number. apparently the man was lonely and had called and texted him multiple times a day usually around 3pm every day. well fast forward a year and i run into sleazebag on the bus and he told me how he got a house with his fiancé. seeing me reminded him of the ad which i had to report to get it deleted and he sent me a picture of the ad he had reposted. this time though we didn’t share a room so i made an identical ad placed his address and the two numbers that called me i had call him, and referred them to the new ad. let just say he didn’t find it funny anymore and deleted his ad. this was a couple years back. the drummer of this band we shared our practice space with accused us of cutting him short on our portion of the rent, which we definitely hadn't. he emailed us saying we now owe two months rent and that he was friends with the building manager who could kick us out (he didn't). we told him we knew he was full of shit, to which he challenged us to a fight in the park, because that's what adults do. we decided it was sketchy to just leave our gear in that room where they could get to it, so we drove down that day to move it all out. we get there and there are two new padlocks on the door. bad move. we come back at 2am and cut the locks off with bolt cutters. we get in and grab our gear. i knew the drummer hides a bottle of 151 inside his kick drum through the front hole, so i get it out and proceed to top it off with a nice minute long piss that i'd been holding on the bart ride over and then put it back. i then overtightened all the bottom heads of his drums for good measure. finally, we installed a new door handle and locked it from the inside and three new padlocks on the outside. we heard, from a friend in a band in a spot down the hall, that it took their drunk asses two weeks to get their shit together enough to get back in there. i'm pretty sure he drank that piss rum too, because 151 smells much stronger and is much darker. there's no way he could've known. but we do. and now you do. and that's all that matters. had a salesman work for me who was a likable enough guy. we lived in the same town, our families knew one another and we shared a handful of mutual friends. i was good to this guy. we paid him generously, we were patient as he tried to build a clientele. we allowed unlimited leave when he had a baby and for his older kids needs too. turned out he was working for someone else, while also working for me. he was stealing information and sharing it with them about our business. i found this out after having to fire him for lying and forging a customers signature and faking a po. let him go, found out all the other stuff about his other work, sharing secrets and found lots of illicit info on him computer. while i was mad, i didn't do anything because i didn't want to think about him anymore. never spoke of him poorly around town and didn't share gossip. so i was surprised to learn he was bad mouthing me. spread lies and made up a story about why he quit. caused his kid to threaten my kid at school. my revenge was subtle...i posted in the missed connections section of craig's list a post about him, discribing an anonymous gay sex rendevious (he is married) at his home. since i knew him and his personal details, i was able to make a plausible story that after posted...received lots of responses asking if i was looking for my former employee. i said yes to over 50 emails asking for information. fast forward 3 weeks later, i heard his wife threw him out of the house. revenge...best served cold!when i was a sophomore in college, i got a job as a waitress at a restaurant near campus. it was a pretty small place, so servers often helped out with other things, like dishwashing and cleaning. there were a lot of call-outs (it was a restaurant after all), and i was willing to pick up the hours because money, so within a few months i had gotten used to doing everything. and i do mean *everything.* seating tables, dishpit, running register, even some prep and other things on the line. i had gotten so good at other things that i was put on the schedule for other stations if there were any gaps. i busted my ever-loving butt for that place, all without ever losing my smile, and after a while it began to show. the managers loved me, my co-workers loved me, the customers loved me... it seemed like just about everyone enjoyed working with me. well, almost everyone. the kitchen manager, henceforth known as crazy bitch, was not my biggest fan, to put it mildly. she was nice enough at first, but began to grow cold and distant as time wore on, and eventually became outright hostile. she was bitchy to everyone, but seemed to take pleasure in going above and beyond with me. a few examples of what she did to me include, but are not limited to: - throwing dishes into the pit while i was washing, breaking them. she ran to the manager and tried to blame me. - telling the front end manager to stay in the office with me when i counted my drawer (my drawer was never off the whole time i worked there) - telling new hires to "watch out" for me - constantly dissing me behind my back to others, which i always found out about because people liked me - forcing me to stay later than i already did to "deep clean" various things in the kitchen - throwing away my time-off requests when she thought no one was watching in general, this woman did everything she could to tarnish my name and make my life unpleasant. she was the only bad thing about working at this restaurant, and at times it got so frustrating that i went home and cried. the only person she didn't whine to about me was the owner, and that's only because she was scared of him. he had five other locations around town, and he just went around to each one throughout the week. this will come into play later on. i've always been an introvert who shied away from confrontation, and this resulted in me keeping my mouth shut and putting up with crazy bitch's antics far longer than i should have. now, ten years later, i would have told her where to go from day one, but college sophomore me was shy. besides, this was a temporary job, and i just kept reminding myself that i was going to get a degree and move on eventually. to set the scene-- crazy bitch had been particularly nasty to me over the past week, and i was extra-stressed because it was midterms. i think it was these two factors that led to me finally snapping at crazy bitch. i had just walked in for my shift and was chatting with some co-workers when crazy bitch walked up to me. she asked me why under the ovens weren't clean. i said i didn't know. she said that she had asked me to clean under them last night, which absolutely wasn't true because *i had left two hours before closing* the previous night. i could feel the rage building inside me. i was about to blow up. not wanting a confrontation, i just shrugged my shoulders. "well," crazy bitch said, "i wish you would do a better job of cleaning around here." something inside me snapped. i screamed "you motherfucking piece of shit" as loud as i could. crazy bitch jumped about ten feet in the air and had eyes as big as saucers when she landed. it was now dead quiet in the kitchen-- you could hear a pin drop-- and all eyes were on me and crazy bitch. i jabbed my finger into her chest and said "if you complain about me one more time, i will give you something to complain about!" "well, it's true!" crazy bitch replied. "alright then. i quit." i flung my name tag and apron in her face, walked out of the kitchen, and walked straight out the door, never to return. the kicker-- i was scheduled to do the dishpit that evening. with me gone, crazy bitch would have no choice but to either pull someone off the line and screw up the whole dinner service, or to do it herself. perhaps the story would have ended there, but things were about to go from petty to pro. i got a slew of phone calls that evening from former co-workers (this was long before social media) asking me what happened, telling me how much they would miss me, and/or congratulating me on finally standing up to crazy bitch. one phone call was the manager asking me what happened, and i gave my side of things (and apologized for quitting in such an abrupt fashion). i heard what happened the next day from my former co-workers. it just so happened that it was the day that the owner was due to stop by and check on things. upon arriving and looking around, he asked where i was, since i had worked almost every day for nearly a year. he was informed that i had quit, and that naturally led to him asking why. well, everyone told him. crazy bitch was due to come in for her shift a little after the owner arrived. when she showed up, he was waiting for her by the timeclock. he told her that under no circumstances was she to punch in. effective immediately, she was suspended. she had three days to give him a written letter offering an explanation regarding her behavior towards "one of the best employees he's ever had" (his words, not mine), and if he didn't find it sufficient, she was barred from ever working at a location he owned ever again. so, crazy bitch goes home, writes up an explanation (i still sometimes wonder what she wrote), and brings it in the next day. the owner reviewed it and told crazy bitch that, after a week's suspension without pay, she was allowed to come back and work for him... *as a dishwasher.* i don't know which is funnier, the fact that she was demoted, or the fact that she was desperate enough for a job that she took him up on the offer. crazy bitch went from being in charge of everyone behind the kitchen doors, to being a minimum wage dishwasher. it gets better-- a few months later, sales were down, and in the restaurant business, it is notoriously hard to turn a profit. the owner decided to close the location next to campus, but was kind enough to offer everyone positions at his other locations... well, everyone except one. there is an epilogue of sorts to this story. a few years later, i was shopping at the grocery store when i felt a tap on my shoulder. i turned around and felt my stomach drop when i saw who it was. it was crazy bitch! to my surprise, she apologized for how she had treated me. she said she was going through a divorce at the time and didn't handle it very well, taking it out on the people she worked with. i accepted her apology, and she gave me an awkward little hug before going on her way. so, i guess despite the awful shit she pulled towards me, she wasn't so bad after all.when it comes down to it: if i feel i have been genuinely wronged, i want to destroy as much of your life as i can. i had a coworker/roommate who once stole from me. $250 all said, and it was to pay my cable bill for a few months, which he didn't which ruined mine and my other roommates credit. he worked for the same company as me so i put a keystroke logger on his computer, got to his incoming emails for orders before he did and deleted them. he was fired after about 8 months of that. the one i'm reddit famous for though... i made a girl fat... and not by marrying her. in 2003, my office got a new secretary and a new manager. the secretary, a thin blonde, was a vile she-devil, she wouldn't do anything the staff asked (find info, set up calls, get coffee for anyone who wasn't herself) and the manager wouldn't do anything about it. we joked that her job title was "internet quality control" because she more-or-less sent personal email and played on myspace all day, to which when she overheard, literally went to the manager in tears. then one day i got a rather large jar of candy as a gift and she just about single-handedly consumed half of it, which pissed me off good, i mean c'mon - ask. then later that week, i brought in a dozen donuts and she ate half of them on her own. upon putting the facts together, our web designer, editor and i decided to fuel the fire in something we called "operation: butter-up", where we each in turn brought in a large bag of candy to fill up my jar as fast as she could empty it. in the course of three months, she put on 20 pounds. in a years time, she unrecognizable and along with being a crank, she suddenly complained about a "thyroid problem". several times a week we provided her sweets and snacks of every kinds until her boyfriend dumped her, which was about eight months into the project, and she had to get a new wardrobe. we lucked out because she was rather oblivious, but we had more diabolical measures lined up if she stopped eating the candy, along the lines of mixing in weight-gainer to the non-dairy creamer she was using and things of that nature. that started in 2004 and she's still big to this day, saw her on facebook years back and smiled at our handiwork. still single to this day, and i would like to think that we had something to do with it.mechanic lied, said he installed new parts and billed us $1,800 - the week before christmas. that hurt. in march the car broke down. new mechanic says, "nope, these are not new parts ... and even if they were, it would have cost $300." "he said they were new!" "well, see these marks? it means it was rebuilt." to the internet! next day, march 16th. find the owner ... it's a mobil gas station ... find the officers there ... accuse the owner of sexually discrimination against my wife. write letter to dmv ... "pull this guys license" letter to irs and state tax (this guy is issuing false invoices) letter to newspapers, bbb ... i print them up. i show up - my plan, make it hot. more pain to keep the cash than to refund it. i've got my letters, his phony parts and price sheets. the mechanic is not the owner ... ok, call him. "i don't have his number," the crook says. he leaves me and wife alone in the office. wife points to the rolodex ... be the owners # is there. it was! home, office, etc. copy that. mechanic comes back, screaming i have to leave. "i am calling the police! leave!" i leave him my letters ... "you can refund me or i am sending these out. you're going to get audited and you could lose your license!" i go across the street and call mobil to make it hotter. i come back. the cops are waiting for me. gulp. i take a deep breath and explain that this guy charged my wife $1,800 for a repair that should cost more than $300. apparently one of the cops knows cars. "he charged you how much!?" the cop was pissed. "wait here." five minutes later ... the office says your refund is waiting for you inside. a full refund - on the spot. instant justice. i sent the letters anyway. fuck him.i was out on the town one night with a group of friends when we were approached by my ex-girlfriend and her new bogan boyfriend. long story short, my relationship with this nutcase of a woman didn't end well, so she tried to confront me. my best mate turned around, suggesting that they leave, only to receive a punch to the side of the head from the boyfriend. i called the police, reporting an assault and within minutes the offending boyfriend was arrested. in the following weeks, he was convicted and made to pay compensation to my best mate. we spent the money on a great night out, at this fool's expense and he lost his job when his employer found out about the conviction. i'm a pretty decent guy. sometimes i see ads on craigslist for people who need small loans and i help them out. it is always a 0% loan, but they need to provide good collateral. so i met this guy, we can call him dave. he needs $300 and i agree to loan it to him. he has a hard time coming up with collateral. he gives me an electronic keyboard, an iphone, a digital camera, a silver necklace, and a seahawks jersey. i tell him before he signs the loan document that i made up that he needs to decide now if he is actually going to pay me back, he will regret not paying me back. i make that very clear to him. he agrees and i give him the money and he goes on his merry way, i keep his stuff. my first mistake was taking collateral that really wasn't worth $300, but i was feeling generous and was bored with life and needed an adventure. he had told me that the iphone was a 4s, but it turns out it was a 4, so that was even worth less. it was also still attached to his account that was in default, so it was only worth parts. bummer, i should have been more careful when checking that out, i know better. so that two weeks pass and he is supposed to pay me back. he says he can't come up with the money and is willing to pay the $50 late fee that we had built into the contract. i agree and again warn him that not paying back won't work out well for him. after a month he is now in "default" and needs to pay me back. he starts coming up with excuses. of course he uses the oldest one in the book, "my dad died and i have to pay for the funeral". "ok", i say, calling his bluff, "i'm sorry for your loss, i want to help out, if you can give me some proof of his death, then i'll forgive the loan." of course he can't do that and promises he will still pay me back. a few more weeks go by and it is obvious he isn't going to pay me back and is completely ignoring me. so i start selling his stuff. i get $45 for the jersey, $30 for the necklace, and had the keyboard stolen from my car. but then that cell phone! he hadn't bothered deleting his data. so i start texting his family asking about his dead dad. of course magically he contacts me right away, again with excuses. this time it was, "in my grief i was so angry that i broke my phone, just got a new one today." i tell him that he needs to pay me back and at this point he refuses. so my next step is i text his ex-girlfriend. i ask her if she would have any need for dave's phone. she gets pretty excited and asks if there is any proof of him doing drugs in the last year. i find some texts about buying drugs and a picture of him smoking mj. i take screen shots and stuff and she tells me she needs that for their custody battle. after that i dig deeper into his data. he's got a current girlfriend, a really cute girl. way out of his league. but apparently he is also contacting hookers and escorts on craigslist, has an ashley madison account and a plenty of fish account. so guess who gets an anonymous tip about his bad behavior. you guessed it, the current girlfriend. she freaks out and wants all the info i can give her. on top of all his cheating, half of the collateral was either stolen from her or was a gift from her. she even told me that he kept lying about the seahawks jersey, that she had just given him for a birthday, saying he left it as a friends house. next thing i know, i'm checking his facebook account and he has been kicked out of their apartment and he's now back living with his parents like the loser he is. i end up keeping the cell phone for a while and then replacing the motherboard with a good one and selling it. i send him [this picture]( in an email with the caption, "this is all it took to break up you and your girlfriend, i told you that you would regret not paying me back. was she worth $300?" tl:dr guy wouldn't pay back $300 loan. i got his gf to break up with him.years ago, i worked in a 24 hour call center. it wasn't a bad job, but i was always getting pushed to the night shift. on the other side of the call center was a claims department that only worked the m-f, 9-5 shift and i jumped at the chance when a spot opened there. what a mistake. turned out the manager was this older female, emotional vampire (ev) who did nothing all day long, but try to get you to tell her the worst things that happened to you, in order to play dr. phil. she fed off of/craved these stories and the 3 other girls that worked there played into it. all day long there was nothing but drama and it was annoying, but i dealt with it by ignoring it as best i could. but that wasn't good enough for ev, she wanted my stories, wanted me to sit with them and hand wring and cry with them all day. (i nearly bought stock in kleenex). i refused to play along, drama bores me. so ev started this campaign of trying to get me to quit, in order to hire someone more sympathetic to their little circle. suddenly all of my work was sub par, i was always late or leaving early (i wasn't), she was bad mouthing me to everyone she could think of. she also got her 3 little baby vampires to harass me as well. nasty comments all day, stuff getting spilled on my desk at my bathroom breaks, my lunches going missing (being found in the trash). i'd finally had enough when she screwed me out of my raise on my bi-yearly review. i began secretly taking pictures of my desk before and after bathroom breaks, printing out the less than professional e-mails i was getting from her, kept an actual note on my desk that said "we don't want you here anymore". i took it all to my friend in hr along with my notice. (i'd found a better paying job anyway.) hr friend said she would look into it and was sorry to see me go. on my last day ev just smirked at me as i walked out the door, thinking that she'd won. but her smile wasn't nearly as big as mine when an it friend who worked there, sent me a framed copy of ev's "terminated for cause" letter a month later as my birthday present. i called my friend in hr asking how things were going. apparently ev tried the same drama routine on my replacement, who didn't play along either, and tried the same "get them to quit" tactics, not realizing that hr had sent a plant as my replacement, to verify my story.okay, this isn't my revenge. this is my dads. ///// background //// my dad works as some 'higher up' project manager for a water company. he's worked in a couple of places, all water related, from general now down to smaller companies. started in the council / big water company which hires smaller companies, which hire smaller companies to do their work etc etc. right now he's in the 2nd tier so to speak. what that basically means is, because he's worked in the 'higher tiers' he's got connections - and is desirable. friends hire people they know etc etc. he's a 'big' name. /// the set up /// in his new role, he's working on a contract his old company set; hiring another company to help fill the works load / capability gap. this is why this revenge works. they just started work with this newly hired company - started last week. the "boss" of that company / team is a man by the name of andrew (something) i'll just use smith for this story. anyway, andrew smith needs to suck up to my dad because the success of his company relies on getting more jobs. andrew smith's workers aren't that many. they've all been put forward to my dad, name's, pictures and all. they also have company utes (pickups), with their company name on the side. /// the scenario /// my dad was driving, on a saturday, with my mum and cousins (one cousin is about 8-10 years old) to the markets. there's a three lane road, which merges to a two. my dad is driving in the middle lane, where the left lane merges in. well up comes this ute driving in excess of the speed limit by a large margin (as my dad tells it), undertaking my dad (illegal and dangerous) and cutting him up as the lane ends. well my dad is none too pleased. opening his window giving the ute driver a piece of his mind, how dangerous what he's done is how stupid it was etc etc. well mr. ute is not in the wrong - so he thinks - giving out the insults of his own, how he can do what he wants, and where my dad can shove it etc. well here it gets interesting. my dad recognizes the driver. now, he's atleast an hours drive from work (my dad drives an hour every day to work) and the work site - near his house, and this construction worker is also atleast an hours drive away from where they would normally meet. what are the odds right? well anyway, my dad recognizes the company name too, he's got to be the guy. so my dad starts shouting, "do you know andrew smith! do you know andrew smith!" over and over again. this guy seems completely oblivious to what my dad is saying while he tries to override it with his own insults. they drive on and part ways. (it seems like the ute is also going to the markets but changes his mind). /// the start of mr. utes end // before they walk from the car to the markets my dad has called andrew smith, on a saturday, left a message explaining the situation, "if this is how dangerous he acts on the road, i can't expect him to act safely on my worksite" etc etc, with the end: "if you don't call me back, don't bother coming to work on monday." boom. that's a huge source of revenue lost for a company because of one guy cutting up a random on the road, and words can spread in a close industry. very quickly. well, not 30 minutes later, my dad has an email from andrew smith, 'health and safety very important to us yadda yadda yadda, we take this very seriously, yadda yaddda yadda, will definitely look into it.' i wish i could have been there when mr. ute got the call. "did you cut up someone just now, in a company ute?" "no..." "well my boss, the project manager for our new contract, said you just cut him up." "well, i might've got into an arguement with some guy but-" "oh for fucks sake" etc etc the chewing out would've been glorious. /// the aftermath /// monday morning andrew smith is in my dads office, apologizing on his knees. mr. ute is not going to be seen this week, got to keep his head down for a while, he's a good worker but he needs to learn the effect of his actions etc etc handed a reprimand does it again he's out etc etc. well he's on my dad's radar now as someone to make life hell for. before midday my dad has a personal email from mr ute apologizing profusely for what he did, how he was going to drop his wife off to her broken down car (or some equal cop out) how he's very sorry, and how it doesn't reflect on his work ethic. all this grovelling goodness. after telling the story at the dinner table my dad said, "well you've gotta take the victories don't you." //// tl;dr: guy cuts up dad. guys boss just started working for dad. dad recognized guy. calls guys boss - on a saturday - threatens to drop business. guy's walking into work on monday with a puckered arsehole, a significant hit to the pride and a serious wrist slap that you wouldn't want following you around.i got super bored at work and decided to just make it. so here it is, /r/regularrevenge i made it literally about ten minutes ago, so if people actually want it, i'll go ahead and make it a little more serious in terms of rules and what's allowed or not allowed, as well as bring mods from the main revenge subs if they so like. for now, let's just see if it's even well received by the communities. edit: i have added flair in the /r/regularrevenge sub in order to comply with /u/badgerchemist's idea. i hope this is a welcome choice, and please feel free to share any ideas you have about changing or helping the subreddit in the stickied post over there.this story begins almost a year ago. i received a call from an unknown number on my cell phone. it was an automated message to call a 888 number in regards to serving me papers. i knew right away this may have been a collection agency. googled the number and confirmed it. now i have to disclose i did have identity theft almost 20 years ago. to this day i occasionally get calls from collection agencies trying to collect on some debt from 20+ years ago that was cleared. now most of the time when i get these calls, i ask for their address to send in a dispute letter including the accompanying data for proof that i had identity theft. granted they should not be calling me, but they apologize and i don't get another call. plus they usually mail me back and said they closed the account. well, i go to call this person and i got to say the call was interesting. this woman answered and i gave her my information. she started rattling off a debt that was back in 1995. i let her finish and i told her that i had no knowledge and there was identity theft. and as soon as i said that, she freaked out. she kept saying she knew the debt was mine and i'm going to pay. i kept telling her that i wanted to mail a letter. but she flat out refused. when i told her i knew my rights, she said that i had the right to pay the debt. she then said that she is going to put a lien on my "huge pretty house" (her words) and she was describing the house to the letter. she also said she is going to put a lien on my lexus that she "sees" in the drive way. and she said that my gate in the front won't stop the repossession. she then hung up. now i knew better. all she did was get my info from public records and then saw my house on google street view. my guess is that she tried to push this intimidation on other people that know better. so far it appeared to be a very disreputable company. i also had phone recordings when i called in. and they were legal as i asked her if phone calls can be recorded for quality control purposes. she said of course. and i said "thank you, i'll take that as my consent". i would of just let this go and just say this lady was crazy. but i kept getting the automated phone calls and i couldn't block them as they were unknown. i googled the company and i thought they were in ohio. a couple of flags that led me to believe this was that the person who owned this company in ohio was being indicted with charges whom was an attorney. i placed a complaint with the ohio attorney general. they couldn't find any information on what i was submitting. they did call the phone number i gave them and the attorney general told me they would stop from calling me. but that is all the attorney general could do. i also complained to the federal consumer finance bureau whom is supposed to be looking into these issues. but they blew my off. well three months later, i called this number. i had an idea of maybe pressing buttons when i called in to see if i could get more information about the company through the ivr. well that paid off. as soon as i pressed 0, i got a different company name. i googled that company and got tons of complaints. this lead me to the company existing in ny. i complained to the attorney general of ny with all of my info. i done quite a bit of research over the next couple of weeks and found out a whole bunch of information such as the owner . found out that the address where the company no longer received mail was at the owner's address, their facebook account, etc.. i then got another one of those unknown phone calls. but this time, it's a different company. i'm sure you get what i am getting at. the company just keeps changing the name, but the parent company still calls. i finally had enough of this. i get a private investigator involved and they were quite satisfied with all the information i got so far. so i let him do his business. well he calls me back saying that this company isn't even registered and it's ran by this one lady. i find out the rude lady whom i am talking to is the supposed owner, but not running a legitimate business. i got a process server to file a claim in ny. granted i think i could have done it where i was at. but i was heading up to that area in ny anyway as i had some family reasonably close. problem was she was not able to be served. the house which she owned, she was not able to be served at. either she was not there or was staying somewhere else. well my private investigator started sending out friend requests to her and the people in her friends lists. well her friends and then she accepted the facebook request. my private investigator found out that she cheated on her boyfriend about a month ago since she posted that crap. the private investigator gave me an idea of trying to reach her boyfriend and if he can lead us to serve her, i will give him $500. well we did that and sure enough we were finally able to serve this lady at her parents house about 20 miles from where she was at. i fly up to ny and since it's small claims it's just me and this lady. for some reason her mother is there too, but she is not representing. i give the judge all of my info i had over the months and how she broke the law. she broke debt collection laws and threats over the phone. after the judge heard all the trouble i had with these calls and how she hid her identity purposely, the judge gave me the maximum amount of $3000. in ny, small towns and villages are limited to $3000. after the case, i heard her mother loudly whispering (but i heard it,) "you better hope he doesn't take your house" "your great grand-father built this with his own bare hands" i was thinking. "hmmm, it would be sweet revenge if i could actually put a lien on the house" well lo and behold, i found out the house had a second mortgage attached to it. with the property value of the house and if it sold, i wouldn't end up getting the lien money since the secondary mortgage was almost as much as the house. i was then contemplating how i was going to get the money from this lady. my private investigator calls me five months later and said her house is going into foreclosure. i get a proxy to bid for me. but as in most foreclosure actions, the bank buys it back as an reo. i decided to send in a low ball offer to buy the house a couple of months later. the bank accepted my offer. my guess is that it's a small town and trying to get the right market was an issue. you may be wondering why i even bought this house? well here's why. this bitch threatened to put a lien on my house with no merit. well guess what, i fucking took her house! it was completely worth it. it didn't cost me too much and i had the money. the house is actually in decent shape, just a little small. plus it will be a nice summer home when i go to visit my relatives. oh and i decided to rub in salt to the wound. i sent a letter to her parent's address letting them know i took the house. i told them that if her daughter wouldn't be in the business of scamming people, they may not have lost the house. i also go to find out that the attorney general of ny is now investigating this lady. i hope they throw the book at her! not going to mention the collection agency, but if you stopped getting phone calls from them, you're welcome! edit: fixed some minor grammar since a couple of people were harping on me. happy? update: i'm surprised this post got so much attention. first of all, for the people who gave gold. thank you! i know that some people are calling bull shit to my story. all i can say is that this is 100% true. i tried to give as much detail as possible. i just want to address all the people giving me a hard time over the grammar. i didn't intend this to be a newspaper article. everything was typed out free form as i wanted to get the entire story out there. i apologize if that really detracted you from enjoying the story.apparently other people did enjoy it. i considered going through and re-writing for the grammar mistakes. however, i am sure these same people would find something else to be negative about. having said that, i do not have any ill feelings towards the negative people or the skeptics. this is the internet and my feelings aren't hurt. i love you people as much as the people who enjoyed the article. not my story. my mom is a pharmacist and she constantly deals with addicts trying to get their fix. this is a big, busy pharmacy in brooklyn doing hundreds of prescriptions every day, so you get all sorts. the pharmacist is bound by a ton of laws and procedures. this latest story started a week ago and just wrapped up last night. a lady came in with a rx for oxycodone. that's a pretty heavy drug that's on the controlled list and is pretty badly abused. the corporate policy is that if the pharmacist has any suspicion that they inform the customer that the drug is out of stock and they will order it and it will come in a couple of days. that's exactly what happened, and the woman flipped the fuck out. she screamed at my mom, threw shit in the pharmacy, and was escorted out by security. after, she called corporate to complain how horrible my mom was and tried to get her fired. after this treatment, my mom was pretty pissed off. there's a database that pharmacists can access to look up certain controlled drugs that are prescribed to a particular customer. this database showed that this woman was getting the same prescription for oxycodone from multiple doctors and trying to fill different prescriptions in different pharmacies. because this lady didn't behave, my mom went above and beyond and contacted all the prescribing doctors to let them know that this lady was triple-dipping. they all flipped out because what she did was very illegal and all dropped her as a patient. all the other pharmacies that were filling her prescriptions blocked her as well. if my mom was in a really bad mood, she could've contacted dea, but she decided not to. however, we're pretty certain that the doctors are obligated to do so. if you're breaking the law, don't be an asshole to people who can catch you. a summer's afternoon i found myself in the rafters of a warehouse meticulously spacing out zip ties at 3' each (92cm) running cat5e cables capped off with shielded rj45 ends. i am a man who is very particular about his wiring and this day was no different. by this time i was about 6 days into the job and my big bundle of 48 cables was almost done. the veins of my network were spread throughout the building and everything was beautifully measured off and bundled together in a trunk of cables held together by velcro binders and color coded zip ties. all in all i had spent over $3000 worth of time in this project and well over $5000 worth of equipment. the day came to collect payment. the payroll person wasn't there so i dropped off the bill on her desk. 1 day passes. 2. almost a week before i call them and ask them about it and they give me the run around. i did it as professionally as possible. i emailed, i called, i left messages and nothing. the bill was sitting at $3500. i thanked my providence to have had them pay for the equipment before i installed everything. 3 weeks flew by and they stopped answering my calls specifically and my emails. it was time. i sent them an email telling them that at the 30 day mark, as per our agreement of non-payment the bill would have a late fee of 25% and i would shut down their server. early on the 30th day, i logged into their server and changed the passwords and set it to shut down. i had a bios password so there was no way they were going to have someone else come and reset the server, they'd lose everything. all of their data from the last 5 years was locked onto that server and i waited. at 8:00am the next day i got a frantic call from the owner telling me something was wrong. i asked him to check his email and he told me that he read it but that they needed the server back on. they were "losing so much money." so i went over and walked inside and was greeted with disingenuous smiles and fake hellos. the owner talked to me about pleasantries and started leading me to the server. i asked him if he was serious and that i wasn't doing anything until i got paid for the job + the late fee. that's when everything kind of went to hell. the owner got really upset and started trying to string together something coherent and eventually just got up in an angry huff and proceeded to have the payroll person type me up a check. i took the check and left directly to their bank to cash it after telling them i'd be back in an hour or so. i took the money and banked it at my bank. once i got back i forgave them for trying to guess passwords of the bios and logged back into the server and started everything running. i billed them for my time and got payment before i left. i never heard from them again. credit to /u/_tixcy_ for submitting this story originally. i thought it was too good not to share. [first post]( [update] thank you thank you thank you to everyone for all your awesome ideas on how to catch this bitch. seriously. there was a ton of replies and i had to get up early because i was working for another girl this morning so i didn't have much time to respond to everyone. for starters, yes, i know i have a shitty manager. no big secret, most of us hate her, but we can't fire her. we're not corporate, either. so it's pretty much her + the owner who run things, and he's not around much. another thing, yes, ashley makes $13 an hour. i'm not a business owner so i don't know exactly how it works, but 1/3 of her income is cash. from what i understand, to get around paying overtime and health insurance, the owner pays out the kitchen staff, bussers, and dishwashers in cash so it looks like no one is working 40+ hours a week. also, ashley makes $13 an hour to pick up plates and put them in a cart. she doesn't wash the dishes. we have another guy who does that. she also doesn't even work close to 40 hours a week so i'm not sure why her entire check isn't reported but that's just how it is. yes, we're in deep shit with the irs. no use reporting it, they already know. anyway. so i called another server (nicole) last night and just flat out told her everything i'd written here. she started crying, and said she suspected someone was doing it but ashley was always such a sweetie, and she couldn't believe she would do that. she didn't deny ashley doing it, just that she felt like ashley had stabbed her in the back over it. apparently ashley "borrowed" $200 from that server a few months ago because she claimed her parents were going to turn her phone off and she felt bad for her. so she's stealing and getting money from her, too. nicole said she'd handle it, so i figured she meant she'd talk to the manager since they're on pretty good terms. when i got to work, ashley was already there. i made sure to grab any tips off my tables before she bussed them, and breakfast went okay. when we switched to lunch, nicole came over and said, "hey, table #11 left me $12, there's a ten and two ones." she said it really flatly and then was like, "see?" and pointed at it. by then the table was long gone, had already paid, and ashley just needed to bus it. cool. as soon as we saw ashley go toward that section, nicole &amp; i walked behind the server line where we could see her. we clearly saw ashley scoot the $10 underneath a plate, pick the plate up, toss it in the cart, and then dump it in her apron pockets. she left the $2 on the table. nicole just said okay, that's that then, and called the manager over. we told her everything, about my tips, about my friend losing tips, and how nicole had noticed it too. my manager said basically what i had about maybe a customer did it, and then we told her how that table had left $12, ashley took the $10 and left the $2. manager called ashley over and asked her to empty her pockets. all she had was the $10 in her apron. oookayyy. ashley started crying, couldn't believe we'd accuse her of stealing, but my manager sided with us and gave the money back to nicole. ashley then decided the only way out of the situation was to make up some huge story about it. she said the table came over to her, told her what a great job she was doing, and told her they'd left a $10 on the table for her. at least my manager wasn't stupid enough to believe that. manager pulled her into the office and i assume told her she was fired because she came back out crying and grabbed her stuff and left. unfortunately neither of us have a record of what's been stolen because we don't know all of it, but i told my manager about the guys from friday and how they usually leave me $60, and the table from the other day. manager said since we didn't have proof of all of it, she didn't want to take it out of what she needed to pay ashley. said she'd call the owner and ask what he wanted to do about it, plus she didn't have proof aside from my word basically that those guys would have left me $60. it sucked, but i understand that i guess. when my shift ended, my manager asked me to come in the office and said the owner told her to go ahead and give me $100 to "make up for it" and that he was sorry and thanked us for telling them about it. not gonna complain about that, because that definitely covers what i think ashley's taken from me since i haven't work with her in so long. i know nicole works with her more so i'm not sure what they plan to do about that, but she doesn't really have any proof or any way to calculate how much she's lost from it. sooo... fortunately, my manager acted like a decent human being for once and actually managed a situation. didn't have to mark any bills or get any customers involved, thank god, so i'm pretty happy with how it turned out. i'm not really sure how far you're supposed to go in a situation like that, but i hope ashley doesn't get a job somewhere else and try to fuck people over. and nicole talked to the manager about borrowing $200 to ashley, and the manager said she was going to call her parents when she got off that night and tell them what had happened. i realize it's not really the managers job to get money back on a personal loan like that, but i hope for nicole's sake that ashley's parents will offer to pay her back or something. =/ edit: this isn't my story folks, the credit belongs to /u/_tixcy_ alone.before i begin, please note that i’ve worked in food service, everyone involved in this story has worked in the food service/bar industry at some point in their lives, and i am a strict 20% or more tipper, regardless of service. so many things go wrong during a “bad service experience” that is either happenstance or coincidental that blaming the server is usually misguided at best and malicious at worst. all that said, this woman was a piece of work. a few years ago, i was involved with a theatre company as a director and actor. sometimes i’d help out with their fundraising, and we were gathering a committee together of about 8 people to meet at a bar/restaurant and chat through plans on a weeknight in queens. to set the scene: it's a small bar/grill, probably about 15 spots at the bar and 10-15 tables. the place was half full, and our group accounted for about a third of the patrons in the joint. most of us were drinking, some of us were eating full meals, and a couple people were only staying for a short while so they just had water or a soda. the bartender was covering all the tables as well as the bar. you'd think that would make her busy, but somehow it didn't faze her. while we waited on refills and silverware, she was content standing by the bar and talking to her friend. the conversations with the friend would make it into the 10-15 minute territory, while all of us were doing our best to catch her eye when we needed another beer or someone new arrived. i had two beers during the evening, and i would have loved to have had four since we were there for a while. when we were able to get her attention, the bartender would shuffle over, take an order from one person, and turn to walk away! when someone would stop her and say, "hold on, sorry, i need something as well," she would sigh, loudly, and turn back, all while rolling her eyes and cocking her head to the side, as if to say "fine." she didn't write anything down, she forgot drinks and meals, and was just all around the worst server any of us ever had. even after all this, i was still planning on tipping the standard 15%. that is, until she came over with the check (after another long conversation with her friend at the bar), threw it on the table, and said loudly to our group "the next time you guys come in here, everybody has to order something." before storming away. we were all dumbstruck. our group accounted for probably half the money running through the place that night, and we would have been ordering a lot more from the bar if she'd ever bothered to check on us. the group decided unanimously to leave a shit tip, none of us had ever been treated so poorly by a server. i left a dollar or so, most people left coins or nothing. the high point of the evening was when we were on our way out. she picked up the check off the table, and yelled after us, "oh, nice. fine. get the fuck out of here and never come back!" as everyone in the entire place turned and stared. my friend went over to her and said "i'll tell you exactly why we gave you what we did," but the bartender was having none of it, continuing to scream "fuck you, get the fuck out! the revenge: that night, i went onto every restaurant review site i could find: yelp, greasy spoon, some local nyc sites. you name it, i told the story in as many characters as the sites would allow. i was so steamed, i had to vent somewhere. i also found out the next day that multiple people from our group had done the same thing. it felt satisfying enough. at this point, i only thought of it as a petty revenge, but it soon became pro... a few weeks later, i was talking with a friend of mine who got hired at this bar. i told him the story, and he said "that was you guys??" i asked him how he knew about the incident. he told me that the bar owner took online reviews very seriously. when he saw all the terrible reviews come in on the same night, with the same story, he knew exactly which bartender it was. she was fired the next day. tl;dr, after receiving the rudest, worst service and being treated like shit, my group used social media to get revenge and improve our neighborhood bar. it's now one of my favorite places to go, and the current staff is all very cool.there was a woman, lets call her stacy. stacy owned a bar, stacy has a great personality, knows how to make drinks, and successfully ran a bar. stacy is a young, attractive, ambitious woman. unfortunately for stacy after she built up her bar her husband emptied her bank account and ran off with all the money. this devastated stacy and she didn't have the funds/will power to move forward. so she sold the bar and started to live off the sale of the bar. stacy improved herself a lot, stacy and i were friends, not best friends but we knew each other. i knew stacy was starting to run out of money (because she had mentioned this several times in facebook postings). well i'm friends with quite a few business people and over the course of the last several months i recommended businesses to her to go apply for a job, after the first recommendation she thanked me, applied and got the job. she quit that job (thats fine) i recommend her another job some time later. she thanked me, things didn't work out with that interview/hiring. life right? 2 weeks ago a bar starts looking for a manager. their offer is really competitive, high salary, profit sharing, etc. i tell stacy about this bar, and this is copied and pasted (only edited parts are the names) "club a is looking to hire a bar manager, they want experience, offer a good salary plus profit sharing go to their facebook page for more info" thats it, our messages for the past several months only had to about jobs, all very short, all very to the point. 3 days later she responds "i'm sick and tired of you stalking me, i'm not into you, stop messaging me" i qualify this that she meant this for me, and not someone else. she confirms its about me "stalking her" and how much of a pervert i am apparently. i stop responding. did i mention i'm good friends with bar owner from club a? i asked him if stacy had applied, he said she had and its between her and another guy. i said "let me show you our fb conversation and maybe that will help you make up your mind" so i hand him my phone, after reading it he says "i don't think i want a woman like this working for me" she did not get the job. she did not get the job. * fyi stacy has a boyfriend, has had the same boyfriend for quite some time. he's a good dude.dmitry agarkov received a credit card offer in the mail from tinkoff credit systems. after reading the fine print, he found that he disagreed with much of their terms, so he reprinted an identical copy of the application, but his terms stipulated 0% interest, no fees, and no credit limit. he also included clauses penalizing tinkoff for any modifications or breakings of the contract. he sent in the application, and the company sent him a card, thereby approving it and accepting agarkov's modified terms. two years later, tinkoff sued agarkov for failure to pay fees and interest. the judge ruled in agarkov's favor, ruling that he only pay the balance remaining on the card (~$500 usd). he has since countersued for approximately $914k usd, citing his various clauses for penalties associated with breaking the contract. a ruling has not yet been issued for his countersuit. source: saw this and thought it belonged here. (seems more professional than petty to me but, hey...) &gt;[–]prnmeds 1 day ago* registered nurse here: my manager doesn't do a good job of being personable, and comes across very robotic. its difficult for me because my intrinsic drive doesn't respond well to criticism, even of the constructive type (which she doesn't usually provide, she's more a negative criticism type of manager). i received an e-mail from her on my day off full of passive aggressive bullshit about how i had made a mistake. a physician had wanted a patient to go for a test and the patient needed to follow certain instructions: take this medicine the night before, then nothing by mouth after midnight type of instructions. the order went in at 10pm, i work 3p-1130p. the nurse coming on for the night shift didn't communicate with the patient that they weren't supposed to eat/drink after midnight and the test was unable to take place. i didn't recognize the name of the patient in the e-mail, and went back and checked the patient assignments for that particular day. as it turns out, i wasn't the nurse taking care of that patient. my day off had been ruined by thinking i had screwed up when i wasn't even involved. i sent her an response letting her know that i had nothing to do with the care of that patient. i also informed her that it was a direct violation of that patients hipaa rights (private health information/privacy act) for her to have shared with me (a person who had absolutely nothing to do with the patients care) both the patients name, what he was being seen in the hospital for and specific details about the tests that were going to be performed on him. i told her i regretfully had an obligation to report the incident to medical records because a breach of privacy had occurred and included a screenshot from the mandatory bullshit training we do online every year about phi (private health information). a couple of years ago i had a really shitty co-worker. we worked in it and he was a really bad programmer but thought he was amazing. he would add his own middle-ware that all connections to the database would go through and then decided to do changes in production without telling anybody, making our stuff malfunction because of his middle-ware. even worse, whenever something that he fucked up did go wrong and somebody complained, he looked around the room to see who wasn't there and blamed that person. this went on for years and we tried getting the manager to do something about it but nothing happened. he also bullied the rest of the it staff on a daily basis and was rude to pretty much anyone not a manager. after five years of putting up with his shit, we threatened to leave the company if he wasn't fired. all 7 of us, programmers, sys admins, everyone, gave the same ultimatum to the manager. fire him or we all resign on monday morning. he was fired that day. but wait - the revenge doesn't end there! a couple of years later i wrote a series of sick humor books, the kind of thing you don't want your name attached to. when i wrote the first one, i thought about what author name to use. i decided to use the name of my asshole former co-worker... now when you google his name, you find four pages of amazon pages for "his" books, reviews of them, google image search returns his face surrounded by copies of my books. the best thing is - i'm making a living selling books in his name! i did actually change the spelling of his name slightly so it's not the exact same. google still returns the books when you search for his name though.the story starts here: [the advent of the bitch queen]( now, in addition to all the shit mentioned in the link above, there was one thing the bq did to me that i still can't quite believe it happened because it was so petty and mean. as i said in that post, my health was (and is) fucking awful, and the company got some pretty nice bonuses from the government as part of a program to try help people with disabilities get regular work. (yes, my health is *that* bad.) at one point i managed to catch a cold that very quickly turned into a severe lung infection. i was in the hospital for almost two weeks. every day i and/or my family and my government contact called the office to keep them up to date on what was happening and when they could expect me to return to work. bq never answered the phones, so about half the time my other coworkers took messages, and the other half of the time we left messages on the answering machine. bq never returned a single call. we sent emails. still nothing. none of us heard a thing from her the entire time i was sick. when i returned to work, several days before the doctor had recommended i go back, she told me she was going to take me to the board to have me fired for missing so much time without telling her. naturally i was *ropable*, but thankfully my other coworkers backed me up and the phone messages and emails were enough to prove my point, and i got to keep the job until the end of my contract. fast forward two years to this morning. i knew bq had lost her job with the company not long after i left, but i heard no more about it and gave no shits. i'd gotten my revenge, such as it was. petty, yes, but like the pettyrevenge thread said, i takes it where i can gets it. this morning i got a call from a big local hotel. bq put me on her resume as a reference. i don't know how fucking desperate she was to put me on there, but when the universe hands me vengeance on a silver platter, i fucking take it! i told them everything. every poor decision, every lie, every rule broken, every attempt to screw the people around her, every single little unprofessional and dishonest thing i could think of. and then i gave them the number of the company if they wanted more information. i know that the industry here is utterly incestuous, and this information will be at every decent hotel and motel in the city within the day, and probably all over the state within a week. she called me a couple hours later demanding to know why i gave her a bad reference. "don't use someone you tried to fuck over as a reference, bitch."i'm a uni student, me and six others live in this house together. when we moved in, we 'bought' a fridge off the previous tenants. apparently some group bought it six years ago or so, and each year the new tenants simply paid £50 to them to keep the fridge, since it doesn't belong to the estate agents. it's been done exactly the same for 6 years or so. our year is very nearly up (this sunday) and we showed the new tenants around a week or so ago. apparently they flat out refused to pay up for the fridge. said fridge is *very* large, and easily doubles the space for food, and with 7 people, it's pretty much necessary. it's a fair bet they (7 welsh 'lads', stereotypical dicks you met in school) are expecting to get it for free, since none of us can just take it with us. i do not intend to let them have this pleasure. why here and not pettyrevenge? i don't *want* petty revenge. i want absolute full revenge that denies them a free fridge, not to just leave it all filthy (in part because i doubt they'll care) my current plan is to simply break the plug some how. cut the power cable in half or just snap off the plug prong things. opinions? ideas? best plan gets used. only rule is it can't be overly 'visible'. like, i cant leave the fridge full of rotten food. yes it's *technically* our property, we paid for it and the estate agents told us it's none of their business at the start of the year, but still, i'm hesitant to just ram it with cheese and leave for fear that they might keep some deposit. though i *am* tempted to just drag it out onto the back road, or to a tip or something.tl;dr at the bottom of the page. this is also a throw-away name as i don't care for it to be associated with my regular forum posting. i can't tell if i'm a bad person or not... i mulled it over, but i may be blinded by my own sense of justice. because i am the batman.. woman. whatever. i was 19, living in phoenix, and working at a restaurant while going to college. one of my managers offered to come over and assist in a school project i was stuck on. i lived alone and was a bit naive, but still allowed him in when he came over much later and had been drinking with other co-workers. without lots of details, he drugged and sexually assaulted me. the next day he lied about it at work, but he then phoned the restaurant repeatedly while he was out of town and not only admitted to it but gloated in the fact that i was "good" and it's a pity i didn't remember. oh, yeah, he was also in his early thirties, married, and had a child. i didn't phone the police because i was 19, scared, and remembered bits and pieces. i understand how women can be treated in rape cases and i chose to not pursue it. i quit that job and moved about six months later after becoming ill in what i can only assume is some kind of ptsd / nervous break down. here's the revenge part: i found him on facebook. he still lives in phoenix. i found his wife's facebook. i found his address. i created a fake profile and wrote his wife (who was pictured with "daddy" and three children) and told her every bit that happened. it was nothing graphic, as i was sincerely not trying to hurt her, but there was definitely enough detail that she would know it's true. i've never heard back from her, but i know she has seen it. she has since moved to another city in phoenix from what i can see. tl; dr -- asshole drugs and rapes me, so i find his wife years later and tell her what he did shortly after the birth of their child. eta: i really, really appreciate the feedback from everyone, even that which i may disagree with. obviously rape is a very touchy subject for many people and can be quite divisive. thank you all for the kind words and support. even though this is an anonymous internet forum, it really does mean a lot to me personally. my greatest thanks again. &lt;3this whole things started like 12 years ago (i’m 25 right now). back then, i was kind of the kid who was bullied by the “cool guys”. i never had the best grades, but never had much friends, maybe i just wore the wrong clothes, i don’t know. there was one guy especially who never let a day pass without insulting me until he left the school for what ever reason. some years later, i was 20 at that point. i managed to finish school and worked for an design agency as an intern. everyday we get a lot of stuff via parcel service. basically we design stuff for clients and let it produce by what ever company gives us the best offer. all this stuff comes to us first, so we can take a look at the quality and send in to our customer. this stuff can be heavy. our rooms are located in the second floor, so it’s standard procedure that the parcel guy rings the bell and one of the interns goes down, opens the door and help the underpaid guy to bring the stuff all the way up. time goes by and every time the parcel guy rings the bell, i went downstairs to help him carry that stuff up. until one day. i opened the door and there he stands. this waste of organs an blood who never let a day pass without making my life hell back in school. he looked at me without recognizing who i am, telling me he has some stuff for us and if i mind helping him to bring the stuff upstairs. i signed and instead of helping him bringing this two dozen packages of ordered paper blocks upstairs (and believe me, paper can be fucking heavy) i just told him the way, stepping outside and lit a cigarette, while telling him where he should carry all this shit. he was not really happy to do all this on his own. after delivering the last package, he passed me standing outside, while smoking my third cigarette in a row (normally i don’t smoke that much, but i had to look cool :d), just waiting for that moment when he passes me to go back to his car. the moment he passed me i said: ‘maybe you don’t remember, but karma does…’. he turns around and looked me straight in the eyes and in this one moment i could see in his eyes that he recognized me. he walked straight to his car without saying a word. after that, i saw him every other day since. and when ever he is the guy who delivers all that stuff for us, i stand outside and smoking a cigarette. this went on for another two years. he never changed a word with me, nor did he looked me in the eyes. since than i’m working there full-time and we have another interns. the first thing i teach them, whenever this one guy rings the bell to bring us our delivery, don’t even think about helping him, just sit outside and watch. sorry for my english, i’am not a native speaker, hope you enjoyed this anyways!throwaway for obvious reasons. so i work in a call centre for a mobile phone provider. you phone me up, i see every last personal bit of detail that you’ve provided with us. especially your phone number. on average i would take anywhere from 60 – 100 calls each day, most of which are not pleasant. i understand customers feel irate, they’re annoyed and upset. i’m okay with customer shouting at me or getting frustrated, because if i was in their position i would be the exact same. so i do my best to help, say my goodbyes and forget all about you. only thing i can do. but there are some calls – some people, who are truly horrible. scum of the earth who feel that because there is a network of sound waves between you and them, that they are above you. better than you, that you’re not even human. and they’re the ones i really hate. backstory: a month ago i receive from a call from a customer. before me she had spoke to an advisor who promised to waive her $800 bill in international charges (ps: always check the website for your service provider. many companies have a maximum charge limited for international rates, usually around $400. but they will never tell you this; you need to challenge them on it!) – right away i could smell bullshit. no one would promised that amount of money because they would never get the authorisation for it. i explained to her that i would have to raise a call listening request to see what was agreed upon. she came back and said ‘oh no it’s okay – i recorded the call’ to which she played the recording back to me. lo and behold, the advisor did promise this. but eh, whatever. she can’t use that recording in a court of law, and we have no way of verifying that recording so i still had to raise the request. i made sure to ask her if she’s recording this call; she replied no. i made sure to warn her that if she was recording the call i was not okay with it and would have to terminate the call. she sternly said she wasn’t and we carried on talking. in the end, i advised her the call listening can take 3-5 working days and if she wanted a separate call-back about the issue, i can raise that for her now. she did, so both where processed (both of which are handled by separate departments). done, dusted call over i went on lunch and swiftly forgot about her. two weeks later someone on my floor calls me over and says ‘this girl wants to talk to you – she said you promised to call her back and that you would credit her account’, i looked over into the account and it’s her again. i explained to him what happened – he could see both requests had been made, but have yet to have been picked up, which happens a lot unfortunately. so he could do nothing else but to raise the issues again with the department and tell her that i would phone her back after 10pm (we close at 9pm). i didn’t know he did this at the time, but obviously he was trying to fob her off. this is a man who i’ve not once ever in my 2 years working here seen get slightly annoyed, yet this girl had him pulling at his hair. i watched in awe, until walking away to make sure i wasn’t caught in the crossfire. today i come back onto the floor after my break and someone else’s manager walks up to me and says sternly ‘you must take this call.’ i ask why, he says ‘my advisor has had this girl on hold for half an hour because she refuses to talk to anyone else. she says you promised this that and the other, yet nothing has happened. she even has a recording of you promising this!’ after some bitching, and trying to explain myself the manager had put his foot down and sat me down in front of the phone that was directly linked to satan’s cum-bucket. ‘hello, you’re speaking to op. how can i help you?’ ‘where the fuck have you been?’ ‘please don’t curse, i’m under no obligation to take this call and i’m doing it for pure goodwill.’ ‘don’t give me that – you promised me $800 off my bill and a call back that very day! it’s a month later and nothing has happened!’ ‘i’m very sorry to hear that, but if i do recall i advised you that i would raise a call-back, not one from myself. again i’m sorry these issues haven’t been resolved, so let my try and fix it for you today.’ ‘bullshit! listen to this:’ she then proceeds to play a recording of ‘me’ promising her money off her bill. she had manipulated it, poorly, to make it sound like i had something i had never done. ‘if i do recall, i specifically asked if you were recording that call. to which you said no. so you lied to me – and you have a proven history of lying and recording calls so unfortunately i’m no longer comfortable to take this call anymore. have a nice day.” ‘oh, what – you’re running away because you know i’m going to put you out of a job?’ ‘sorry?’ ‘scared! you’re fucking scared’ her, i assumed boyfriend, shouts from the background ‘you better be scared! we have fucking proof that you lied to us! you guys always lie, hence why we have to record these calls! you’ll be out on the street without a penny to your name, i’ll make sure of it.’ ‘sorry, but as the topic of this conversation now has little releve –‘ she cuts over me, making “blah blah blah” noises, mocking my obviously foreign accent. ‘that’s all i hear from you cunt’s, “blah, blah, blah”’ as her and her “boyfriend” laugh like a pair of elementary school bullies. at that point my blood was boiling so i terminated the call without another word. now this is where my apology comes into effect. this is one customer i could not forget about, one customer i could not brush off my shoulder. i sought revenge. as mention before, i had access to her mobile number, address – heck even her favourite color. so i made a note of them all on a bit of scrap paper and tucked it away for later that night. i searched the web for every text subscription service i could find, bonus points if they charged and signer ‘her’ up for it. i know our policy on these matters; “third party issue, customer will have to deal with the third party charging her”. so i made sure she where to receive at least 10 chargeable texts each and every day – making sure that she would rack up a phone bill, with a service provider who will provide no leeway with the payments. if she was going to try and scrounge me for $800 that could, and would affect my earnings then i was to make sure she didn’t have a penny left to her name. now it’s too days later and i’m completely guilt ridden. so i’m sorry for what i’ve done, i’m sorry i stooped to your level. but good god do i feel good about it.so a bajillion years ago i was in a band. one of our bandmembers had a roommate who knew how to do websites, so made a sort of basic framework for me to complete a site for us. i've forgotten how to do most of that little stuff i could do, so bear with me, i don't know all the actual terms. mostly i put up pictures and links and uploaded some mp3's of us playing live. the problem started when i think he deleted what i had uploaded to the server. so now the website looked like shit, it looked like a giant 5 year old attacked it with an eraser. when i asked him about it he said "suck my dick" a few times, and nothing else. mind you, his dad paid for everything for him and no one could tell if he had a job. he spent most of his time that we could tell trying to fuck women he met in internet chat rooms. so i got to work. first, using whatever software thing he gave me, i made another account. i didn't know how to change my password, which he knew, but could make another account entirely. then, i mspainted a solid black image that said "this website is being neglected by (douchenozzle). his screen name is (xdouchenozzlex420_blaze_it_faggots) on every messenger. bother him until he fixes it." then i made that the only thing a visitor would see if they went to the site. next i registered his screen name on a couple dozen music message boards and only made the same post on each one-- "look at this awesome website i made for my band!" about twelve hours later he'd changed the site back to the crappy state he'd left it in and locked out my account... so i signed in with the new one i made and changed it back. it stayed like that for a couple more days before he nuked the whole thing. next time i saw him he freaked out on me. "what the fuck dude i lost like three customers because of that." my reply, of course, was "suck my dick."mid 90s... story of revenge by one of my closest friends. adam worked in a car-part factory for gm. one of adam's co-workers(let's call him bill) thought it would be funny to give his co-workers ex-lax during a shift. bill goes up to adam and offers a piece of chocolate but adam was operating a machine with both hands. adam said break off a piece and put it in his mouth. the shift goes on. after adam figured out what happened he learned about 4 others in the plant were also pranked. bill didn't think this prank through...he cost co-workers sick time and some of these co-workers had kids and bills to pay without paid sick days. turns out bill was banging a welfare mom(mom b) and living with her at the time but she wasn't reporting that income/room mate. adam was also banging a welfare mom(mom a). adam told mom a what happened. she knew the welfare system well enough to call mom b and pose as someone from the investigation department of social services. mom a basically said that the department is aware of her having someone live there and not reporting the situation to her case worker. the investigator(mom a) said if you come in and discuss this with the department we will not pursue fraudulent action. tl;dr: don't be an asshole with ex-laxi worked at a diner for my first job as a fountain guy, meaning i whipped up and served malts, shakes, pies, cakes, etc. i worked with desserts, basically. it was definitely a sweet gig for my first job. one beautiful spring day, i am invited to the birthday party of a girl i know. this girl was particularly special to me because we were basically in that stage that comes before a relationship, you know? like where both of you know that you're going to date soon. so you can imagine that going to her birthday party was important to me. her and i are still together, by the way. the problem with going to her birthday party is that i worked that day. i started asking about for a co-worker to cover my shift. no one that worked there regularly could cover it for me, however, my manager informs me of one guy who might be able to cover my shift. we'll call him douche. douche doesn't work at the diner anymore, but he still covers shifts when he is able (comes in maybe three or four times a year). i call up douche, who is my last hope at this point, and ask him to cover my shift because i've got my girlfriend's birthday party to attend. he says he'll do it, and i was thrilled. fast forward to the day of my girlfriend's party, and douche sends me a text saying he can't make it because he spontaneously developed strep on the day of. i'm suspicious, so i call him and ask him to tell me what's up. he lied. he was too high to go into work. douche then asks me to tell the managers for him. "oh sure, douche. no problem. thanks for being honest, man." i went to my girlfriend's birthday party anyway. douche knew he had a commitment and decided to get high regardless, so he deserves whatever he gets for being that moronic. not only that, but he calls me on the day of my prior engagement and expects me to drop everything because he couldn't resist the urge to roll a blunt? i threw him to the sharks (managers) happily. he lost his not-really-a-part-time-job. i was pleased. tl;dr - asked a guy to cover my shift for work to go to my girlfriend's birthday, calls me saying he is too high to go on the day of, i get him fired from his uber part-time job.i used to work at a busy local pizza "restaurant" as a pizza cutter for $10 p/h cash in hand. so my job involved cutting pizzas and sorting out the orders, not very hard unless there is twenty coming out of the oven in a minute... anyhow, i won't lie i would make a couple of mistakes here and then with orders. as you would expect you would a stern talking to by the boss after each one. however after a while the mistakes started becoming more and more frequent to the stage where i was getting screamed at, i was now triple checking orders because i was sure i had them right. one night "i" was up to eight mistaken orders; then i turn around and catch the mother fucker mixing up my orders that i had organised and then walking off. i was fucking furious! i was copping all this shit because this cunt bag was making mistakes... so after that night i fucking handed it to him. i told him what i thought about him and his shitty restaurant. there were no safety or health standards enforced with the meals or anywhere in the kitchen tbh. so here is what i do... turns out a lot of my friends ordered from the store so of course i tell them how there food is prepared and how there is no respect for the employees. by word of mouth one of the people still working there tells me their nights gradually began getting quieter. then i thought to myself "how else can i fuck-over this cunt bag?" then i remembered that he used to make around $3500 - $4500 after "wages" every night. so i did some math and established if he had been cutting corners by keeping people off the books then he owed a shit load of tax and super to everyone that worked there. so i made a phone call to the tax office and it turns out he owed them upwards of $2,000,000 au provided he had been paying cash in hand for the past eight years the business had been running. i'll just say... there is no more local pizza shop. i believe the tax evasion also landed him some jail time so serves the cunt right. tldr; boss was an asshole, i made him lose his business and had him sent to jail.note: this story was set in a time when employment laws in my area were ridiculously lax ... so new zealand in the 1990s. my family comes from a small town, the sort where people parking in the middle of the street to have a conversation with you is so natural an occurrence that the locals just drive around the parked car. out-of-towners, bless them, think the hold up is only going to be a second or so. they could not be more mistaken. so laid back, but not clinically dead. things do move, but at a slower pace than other places. my mum goes into about the only chain store this town had at the time, a place that sells clothes, toys, beauty products, etc. she gets what she needs and goes to the counter (there is only one). the cashier is just standing there, chatting to her friend. "hello?" "hang on." she continues talking to her friend behind the counter. mum wants a minute. and another. and another. and another. and another. eventually mum walks away, hangs her items on the pegs/shelves, and then disappears to the back of the store. all the while, the cashier remains chatting to her friend behind the counter. mum eventually returns to the cashier counter (and yes, she's still busy chatting) but without the assortment of garments she was intending on purchasing. rather, the store manager. oh, and she knew the store manager. did i mention this was a small town? "so, what's been the problem?" "i was waiting here for five minutes. she just kept talking." now, i should remind you, this is a laid back town. but there's a difference between a few seconds wait for someone to finish their sentence and having someone arrogantly tell you to wait for five whole minutes. "oh, dear. what would you like me to do about it?" "fire her." suddenly the cashier broke out from her conversation. "what! you can't ask for him to fire me! you should have just waited." "i know another girl who would be perfectly happy to take your job, she needs the money. plus, she'd actually be capable of serving customers" mum replies. "okay [thezapzupnz's mum's name here]. [cashier], you finish in two weeks. now serve this customer now, and you [cashier's friend] can leave the store." i can't remember if mum got a discount or a free gift, but i do remember the firing. tldr; arrogant cashier doesn't serve customer for five minutes, gets fired by annoyed customer's request. edit: clarified language in response to noshoesnoshirt, thanks. i always try to remove ambiguity. i just couldn't see it myself.this was a few years ago when i was in final year of highschool. i found out one of the students in the year below thought he was smart by "hacking" all the girls emails, by setting up email forwarding when they left their computers alone. he had been listening in on "gossip" that was being shared around, that he had no business of looking at. so the next time in web dev class, i set up a quick script that would spam his email address with 100's of messages. as it turns out, since it was running over the local network, i was sending email faster then it could be processed by his inbox, and it ended up at 101% allowance, he couldn't move email to trash, because he was over allowance, the system couldn't cope! he goes to the it office to get his email account looked at, and the school it guy couldn't even fix it, he had to issue him a new login, when asked why his email was full of messages from an unknown source, he couldn't answer, so i suspect that the it guy figured he had spammed his own account.what do you do when the person making everyones life a misery at a company is the general manager who reports directly to the owners? very little is the actual answer. even here in the uk where we have pretty good employment laws. everyone becomes so afraid of losing their job that no-one speaks out. this guy is the sort to come out onto the floor and shout directly into your face if he has some problem with you. a little man who came over from india with nothing but a suitcase and an incredible attitude. his parents live in india in a house with servants, so i suspect he has seen power in action. he believed that british men were lazy and didn't want to work. he passed down edicts like no-one is allowed to talk about anything except business unless it is break time. i saw him shout at a young girl once. she was a single mother. he was shouting that the only reason he didn't fire her was because the child had no father to support it. that kind of bullshit, everywhere on a daily basis. my revenge? i'm not sure whether this is pro or petty revenge, but it felt good at the time. the handle to his office was one of those round ones, just a ball of metal. on nightshift i blew ink from two biros onto a piece of card and rubbed it on the underside of his door handle...gave it a nice coating of thick blue pen ink. i wasn't there to see it next morning but he unlocked his door and put his keys back in the pocket of his nice cream sports jacket. ink all down the side panel. man, he blew a gasket that day. and because he didn't initially know where the ink had come from he managed to get more of it on his shirt once he took his jacket off! everyone was talking about it for days...although i never could take the credit at the time.i can contribute to the hell out of this. i was contacted by a client of mine with a problem. he'd been drunk and partying with some work colleagues and things got a little out of hand. he ended up hooking up with someone related to the case he was working on professionally, and someone stumbled across them mid-deed and took some photos .. very naked, very explicit, mid-coitous. worse still, this coming to light would have thrown the whole thing in jeopardy. the photos ended up on one of those revenge porn sites. i'm not sure whether it was his ex or someone intent on tampering with the case, but it didn't matter. i emailed the site hosting it and formally requested it be removed. the owner responded saying they don't do takedown requests and requested that i fornicate with myself. to be expected, which was fine because it was step 1. i pulled the whois information for the site to get the name of the company he was using to operate the site, then used public records to find out who he was. name, address, phone number, home address, then used social media to find his personal email address. i then used ip lookups to determine the company hosting it. i found photos of the girl and set up fake social media accounts for her as a 16 year old girl, with enough content that it would appear legit. i then contacted the domain registrar and his web host, saying that the site contained illegal child pornography and that this served as formal documentation that i had notified them of it, used an embedded 1px transparent png as proof they received it and read it, and they had seven days to de-register the domain, and delete the site or i'd be reporting them to the fbi and would be accessories after the fact to the distribution of child pornography. i did this on friday afternoon as both the domain registrar and web host's phone support was only weekdays. the site was deleted almost immediately, and the domain name suspended 45 minutes later. i called him on the phone using the info that i'd pulled, addressed him by name, and informed him that i would've liked to have made contact again by email, but unfortunately his email was not working, and neither was his web site. and that because of his failure to reply to a reasonable request, i had taken it upon myself to have it taken down for me, and that it would be in his best interests to pay attention to things i ask for in the future. his voice was shaking with a combination of fear and rage. "next time you to tell someone to go fuck themselves, make sure they can't fuck you instead." when the site finally re-emerged some time the following week, my client's sexy escapades had been removed from the site. i received a very nice bottle of scotch from the client, and logged the work on the ticket as 'web site maintenance'. close enough. edit: thanks op for making me remember this! i've added it to /r/talesfromtechsupport: throwaway because i don't know if i could get in trouble for posting this or not. so, the other day my strict manager was in a particularly good mood and told us this story and i thought it belonged here. a week or two ago it was dinner time on a friday, so, like plenty of other restaurants, we were really busy with a long wait. a former employee from a different location comes in to apply for a job. because of how busy we are the manager asks the cashier for basic information and her resume so he can look her up in our system. he finds out that she can't be rehired (per company policy) so he has the cashier tell her that the restaurant is too busy for a manager to interview her. despite not getting an interview the girl and her friend decide to eat dinner. and not pay. my manager looks over the tapes and sees the girl applying for the job walk around through the store section of our restaurant, go to the bathroom, and leave. a few minutes later, her friend does the same thing. luckily, he has all of her personal information on the resume she left, as well as information on her car from security cameras. what does my manager do? he calls her back up and apologizes for being so busy, maybe she could come back in for an interview with him. she wants to know when, so my boss lies and says that he's leaving on vacation for a few weeks and it would be best if she came back in as soon as possible. an hour later, he sees her car pull into the parking lot and calls the police. he sits down with her and conducts an interview like any other. he excuses himself to "go get some availability paperwork" and comes back with the receipts and confronts her about not paying. she immediately starts freaking out, saying her friend told her she would pay for her meal and talking about how her friend was always stealing from her, and she shouldn't trust her friend anymore. she offers to pay for her meal, but says she won't pay for her friend's. my manager tells her that she'll pay for both, or he'll bring in the police that he's already called. she pays for both meals and leaves a nice $5-$6 tip. then she asked my manager, "wait, you didn't just bring me in here to have me pay, did you?" my manager tells her of course not, but that she should come in tomorrow and ask for theresa (our general manager) so she can interview her. sure enough, she comes in the next day and asks for our gm. theresa tells her that not only will she never work at one of our restaurants again, but she is not welcomed back at our location. a lot to go through for a dine and dash, but still amusing if you ask me.4 years ago [i quit]( working as a barista for a horribly [drama-filled]( [coffee house]( we'll call super bean. i had a number of [petty wins]( while i was there but this is my only pro revenge. the boss at super bean is a horrible micro-manager. there's a lot to keep track of so smaller things will get tasked to the lowly employees - one being keeping inventory of coffee beans. while the job wasn't the best, the coffee is fantastic. i'd never steal while i was working for the business but once i left that went out the window. my buddy who's still working there has been throwing me about a pound of my favourite coffee every 2 weeks since i left. just a few shy of 100lbs of coffee beans swiped to date.my wife was extremely ill throughout her entire pregnancy with my daughter. she missed enough work to eventually be let go. she was due in december, and terminated early in the month (on the day we had our daughter). with a mortgage, bills and now two kids, this was a very difficult time for us. i was working as a professional office type, but also picked up a paper route for extra cash. i was getting up every morning at 3 am. running the route, then going to work all day for 8-10 hours. i needed a day off from the route, and you have to find your own coverage. i took to craigslist (i know). kid (like 19 i think) agrees to meet me. we drive the route, i give him the instructions, directions and pay him $20 up front. we agree i'll pay the rest when it's done. he shares with me he's getting a new job (a place i worked before in an administrative capacity, and i still have lots of connections there). he no shows. i get myself in there and get it done. call him 1000 times. no answer. well i have his name. call my friends at the new job and explain what an ass he is. guess what? he's fired before he even hits training. i find out a year later he was arrested for raping an underaged girl. lots of luck in life scumbag. english is not my first language. ignore the grammar issues, please **tl;dr version.** was very good friends with boss and female co-worker/friends. they had an affair together and took my honesty and friendship and respect and shoved it in my face. i got back by waiting a full year and ratting them out to their spouses causing them to get divorced. **wall of text version:** so a few years ago i worked at a fortune 100 company. i was there on a contract. everything was great. really liked the team, boss (paul) was great. he and i could talk about anything honestly as two guys. he's been to my house. i've been to his. his wife is funny and a stay-at-home mom. if it wasn’t for the boss/contractor thing we could be bros outside of work. at some point there is a new woman contractor (mary) that starts on the team. she sits in the cube next to me. she's married, pretty hot, a little bit flirty, just generally great too talk to. she and i hit it off right away. we become pretty close, texting each other at night about work and family and just general shit. every now and then she throws some random comments out there about me coming over to her place. which, from a self-esteem point of view, was just a big plus in my book. never took her up on it, but could have. we have our normal disagreements about how to run stuff, complete tasks, etc. and while those got heated, it was just two strong willed people having differing opinions. no big deal. she becomes a family friend. our kids play together, families go to events together, etc. fast forward to about 4 months later, i am chatting with my boss late at night (project cutover), he mentions that he is jealous how mary and i can “fight and clear the air and just move on”. i thank him for the compliment and didn't think anything of it. well within a couple of weeks boss-man and mary are doing lunch together constantly. i ask him if i should "move out of the way" as it is obvious that he likes her. (remember i am there on a contract, so my boss can fire me without a reason – that why i treated him with deference) he says no. life goes on for another couple of weeks this way. then he puts her on his pet project. all of her time is now allocated to his stuff. he doesn't have time for the rest of the team as "all of his attention is focused on his project" i am sure you can see where this is heading. it was quite obvious to the entire group that they were having an affair. the entire group was up in arms about this because this "new" girl is getting all of the boss’s attention, getting perks, etc. same old story that you have heard about before. needless to say i too am upset. i am losing my bff. i figured we were friends enough to keep being friends even through her affair. obviously not. what bugged me about the entire thing is that i told my boss (who was also a friend) that his affair with her was ruining my work relationship and my personal relationship with mary. he denied to my face that they were having an affair. which was such bs, because i overheard him talking to her on the phone saying how he wanted to come over to her place for one of their “status meetings” and make out with her. (side note: there were also a couple of photos of them that were taken by people on the team - one was taken in the office at a group celebration for someone’s birthday, in the background you can see them in his office with his hands on her ass, and another one where the team was out to a concert everyone was drinking. people finally noticed that they disappeared. one of the women in the group took a pic of them kissing in his car) of course i didn't tell them about these pictures during our talk. fuck him and her. less than a month later we do a shuffling of cube locations, "to better align the people who work on projects together". i am moved to a “deserted island” - no one around me. handwriting is on the wall. one month after that i am cc'd on an email to my contracting firm informing them that my last day will be 2 weeks from that email. so through this whole thing, my "friend" just quit hanging out (and i get why). didn't give a shit anymore. pretty much just dumped me as a friend. i didn’t like it. i tried to ask her why, to see if she would say anything at all-- no dice. her allegiance was to paul now. i told her that i was upset. she told me she didn't care and didn’t have time for me. fuck it. if you want to have an affair go for it. the whole affair part didn't bother me (too much). i will admit to some envy there, but i am not going to sacrifice everything i have for some ass. just not worth it to me. what bothered me was the lack of respect that they both showed me. i was pretty honest with both of them about what the team was saying, how everyone was feeling, etc. what they did was take my honesty and use it so that they could cover up their affair better. for example, when i said that people were noticing that she would leave and then paul would get his coat on and leave within 5 min, he started leaving his coat in the office and leaving about 15 min after her. when i said that people noticed that he was giving gifts to her and not to the group then all of a sudden the group started getting stuff too. crap like that. what was funny (in a fucked up way) is that about 4 months after i was gone she started being friendly again, random "how are you?", "my day sucked" texts. anyway, i moved on work-wise. still texted her every few days after she started texting me. again, nothing major. just pleasantries. i liken the ups and downs of our friendship to "being rich", then "being poor". i would much rather be "rich" again. who doesn't right? but that anger was still inside me because of how vulnerable i made myself to her and how i felt i was used. so i resolved to get even. i waited a full year (and heard that she had accepted a full time position with my former boss). i then sent an anonymous email to his wife letting her know about the affair, and giving her details and the proof (the pictures) too. mary of course called me, so did my former boss. he was pissed! i told both of them that i did not do anything ("how could i, i have been gone for more than a year. i don't know anything about your life anymore!”) fuckers. i heard that both of them got tossed out of their homes and are getting divorced. they deserve each other. moral of the story, if you are going to have an affair be discreet and keep your friends close. or have the balls to say "i don't want to be friends anymore" and not be a passive-aggressive douchebag. because if not, they may become your enemy and might be even more passive-aggressive and look for revenge. did it make me feel better that i did it? fuck yes. i'll be around if you have questions. this is a throwaway account so feel free to ask, or criticize or whatever. story here: copied for easy reading: &gt;didn't walk in, but found out she was sleeping with a vp of our company and had planned a trip to napa valley over our anniversary, under the guise of a business trip. &gt;went to hr and homeboy was promptly fired, since she was under him (tee hee), and kicked her out of the house. i had an extremely annoying client who either never wanted to pay me for my services (computer repair) or would be so nit-picky about everything that it was never worth my time to do anything for him. he ran a radio station (over the internet) that supposedly had several thousand listeners, and mainly played old r&amp;b, except on sundays which played gospel. he brought the computer that did the broadcasting in one day and wanted me to fix it. he would constantly get it infected with viruses, and has absolutely no sense whatsoever in using a computer but he insisted. he left it overnight, the problem was resolved within just a few minutes. i hit him with a $50 bill on it (because i hate him) which he immediately balked at. ok, i thought. let's do this then. i loaded up his software and broadcast this all night long. he was there waiting for me the next morning when i opened up, paid, left, and i haven't heard from him since.x--posted from [/r/pettyrevenge]( so this is something i do whenever i get one of those "im out of town, my assistant is going to send you a check/money order" scams. if you dont know how this scam works, they send you a fraudulent check or money order and you deposit into your bank hoping that you will give them the item that day, when it usually takes a bank a few days to catch that its fraudulent. i accept that i will take the check/money order. and have them send it to a certain address (see images for address). 9/10 times they send it, and ive been contacted by the fbi looking for more information. (sorry for the imageshack host - imgur doesnt like my computer or vice versa): [image 1]( [image 2]( [update 1]( ______________________________________________ do remember to read the whole article guys! it would be great if you could comment on the quality which could help me become better! :) and dont forget to check out the other subs which have been featured! :d p.s: dont forget to upvote your feature at /r/subredditoftheday!original thread: [here]( so, i honestly had no idea it got big or that people cared so i am super sorry that i didn't update sooner! it didn't seem like anything happened right away so i was feeling a disappointing update would suck, but it all worked out really nicely. my manager updated me on the situation a bit. so, the day i came back it turned out they had taken her up to hr and told her they knew about the comments. she demanded to see the print outs but they said no. when she came back down she was pissed off (and was for days after that) whispering to people about how unfair it all was. a few coworkers actually deactivated their facebooks for a few weeks in paranoia that something similar would happen to them. then it really seemed like nothing happened and i was pretty bummed, but then my coworker who hates her way more than i do gleefully told me otherwise. so, right after the event she took a "vacation" to texas. this vacation was really sudden, considering we require three weeks notice for vacation. she's also talks constantly so we hear about all of her plans months ahead of time. this one she didn't talk about at all. i found out the reason for her sudden vacation was that she was suspended for a little over a week, but used the excuse of a "vacation" to cover it up and visited some friends of the family. she didn't tell a soul (i guess she was really embarrassed) but my coworker who hates her is very good friends with one of the higher up managers and found out. she doesn't suspect me at all because i'm such a sweet person outwardly, even to her. she's actually been even nicer to me lately than ever and even ran up and glomped the hell out of me at work the other day out of nowhere. so maybe she learned her lesson? not too sure, but it's a happy ending in my books. i used to work in a small foody type pub, very local. this woman my boss lets call her bitch tits, was horrible and vile to everybody, staff as well as customers. i have never seen so many people walk out that place, she was accually insulting peoples music taste, physical apperence, most of what would not affect their work performance. once some customers asked if there was any ketchup, to which she replied "there's a shop down the road, go buy yourself some!" so i was relieved when i finally got out of that hellhole. i wrote many terrible reveiws, under different accounts, on yelp, trip advisor, google etc. i rallied friends to do the same as well as spreading things by word of mouth. i found out after a year she lost the pub and is living in a shitty flat and working a poundland on minimum wage. karma bitch!about 8 years ago my girlfriends friend had just graduated from university. she had managed to land a very high paying job in the private sector. she would constantly brag about how she was making "soooo much money" and how she had an expensive car. she would tell all her friends they need to get their asses in gear so everyone could be like her. this girl was the definition of "bitch" fast forward about 2 years, she has now landed a new (higher paying) job with the government. after being with them for about a year she "hurts" her back and is on long-term disability for months and there is no sign of her going back to work anytime soon. you would think that someone with an injured back would not do a lot of physical activity like skiing, partying at the bars, etc. she had a desk job and everyone knew she was faking. the best part about all this? she was posting pictures and adding comments on facebook about all the "fun" she was having. after months of observing this i did some research and tracked down the name of the insurance company that handles government workers. i filed an anonymous complaint and thought nothing would happen. about a year later i found out she had been sued by the government for over $35,000 in claimed wages while she was on disability. she tried to fight it in court, but the insurance company had hired a private investigator and tracked her every move. they had screen grabs of her facebook statuses as well as photos taken by the investigator from his car of her doing recreation activities proving her back was ok. she lost the fight and had to pay the $35k. she lost her job, went bankrupt and had to move back in with her parents. she is currently a 36 year old unemployed single woman living in an isolated rural area with her parents. edit: i love the idea from bellewhether about sending her the card. unfortunately she still doesn't know i did it and no one else does, so i can't send the card. however, an anonymous e-card might work! thanks for the suggestions. even my girlfriend (who is now my wife) doesn't know.i recently graduated from college in another state. during that time, i rented a house with 3 other girls in a primarily student neighborhood. we were neat, responsible tenants who paid rent/bills on time and took care of the house. but we were first-time renters and therefore clueless about tenant law. the landlord was very aware of that and used it to his advantage. i could go on forever about what a douchelord he was, but the tl;dr version is that he was sexist, would regularly enter the house without our permission, overcharge for *every*thing and then get all offensive when we questioned it, did not keep his house up to city code and ignore our requests for repairs. all-in-all, he was not a nice person. you could have a more pleasant and productive conversation talking to a brick wall. we did try to get legal help from the university legal services office on a few occasions, but since we already signed the lease, there was not a lot that could be done. anyway, towards the end of our lease, whenever potential tenants would come tour the house, we would take them aside and tell them not to sign a lease with this man. we sabotaged a few attempts at finding tenants that way. we also called the university off-campus housing office and told them to not allow him to advertise his property on campus or in the school paper because he was a crappy landlord. the best part was when he called me to ask why i thought nobody was interested in the house. i had to stifle a smile and say, "i don't know... maybe the economy is bad?" edit: added missing wordson to the story, i'll try and keep it short. around 2pmedt today i received a call from a collections agency, i'd been seeing this number pop up random times everyday. so, i decided to answer the phone. collections asshole(ca from here on) got short with me when i requested detailed information and then hung up on me when i asked for his full name. cue the *you don't call me wanting money with no explanation and then hang up on me when i start questioning your claims to my money. so i called back, took 4 calls before i got a hold of a supervisor. i finally managed to pry the info out of the supervisor and find out this collection is for a hospital bill i don't even owe. argument ensues with me telling him i'm refusing to lay $675 for a hospital visit i never even had been to. he keeps threatening me with small claims and yada yada, but i managed to get the company address(a po box in buffalo, ny) and the number they were calling from was routed through nc. i looked around and couldn't find an actual company listed under the po box or anything related to the phone number. nothing, no company name, no physical address for the office they're calling from(i know they aren't all working from a po box, obviously. so i get suspicious and call up my attorney with the info i've found. he informs me he's going to have a look and call me back. around 3pm he calls to inform me that this "collections" agency buy outdated several years ago i had a coworker who was absolutely worthless. she called in sick at least every other week with some malady, was always out running around, chatting and socializing instead of working and just generally leaving the rest of us to fill in for her. another coworker (who i will refer to as "fed up") were really sick of dealing with her because we were the ones expected to take her calls and take care of her customers when she was out or away from her desk. i had complained loudly and often to my manager to no avail. for some reason she took it as if i were challenging her authority, rather than believing i had a legitimate complaint. one day she basically told me she was sick of hearing about it, i obviously had a personality conflict and to drop it or else. well i dropped it but i was pissed. finally one week, everything came to a head. "worthless" handled one of our large clients and we were getting a lot of calls from their customers. so many in fact, that my supervisor told me and fed up that we needed to help worthless because she couldn't possibly handle all the calls. i was livid. maybe if she spent her time at her desk instead of running all over the office she could handle the calls! anyway, i did what i was told but i fumed the whole time. worthless was also in the habit of leaving early every day. at about 20 min to closing she'd shut down her computer and go sit in another coworkers office and blab for 10 minutes, and then they would leave together while i was still working. one afternoon after she left, i still had about 10 of her unanswered calls so i sent them back to her desk. i figured if she had time to leave early, she had time to return her own calls. well apparently the next day, worthless tattled to the boss, because she came to see me about the phone calls. i'd had it. i told my boss exactly what happened and why i sent the calls back. i guess this time she agreed with me because we didn't have to help her with calls anymore. the whole time this was going on, worthless was bitching nonstop about this client. she was so pissed about having to take all these calls and griped all the time. well she decided to vent on facebook and, idiot that she is, made disparaging comments about one of our biggest clients online. as if that's not bad enough, she was friends with at least 20 coworkers, all of whom saw her rant. most of them were friends in facebook name only, because in reality very few people could stand her. so, one of her "friends" screenshotted the page, printed it out and gave it to fed up. we then mailed the screen shot of her rant to the hr manager from outside the office and sat back and waited. two days later worthless was escorted from the office. rumor has it that hr had her termination paperwork ready before they even called her in. edited to fix some typos, and make the story read a little more clearly.so this happened over the course of several years. backstory- i played golf for a university and was fortunate enough to have a scholarship that paid for me to go to school. back in the summer of 2004 i was arrested for a dui. i blew .09 when the legal limit is .08 bac. i didn’t know any attorneys where i lived (went out of state for school) but i had a very dear friend that thought he could help me out. i was referred to a guy i will call tom (name changed). i paid tom $1500 dollars to handle my dui, and he said that was the friends and family discount and i figured i would be in good hands. a couple months later being an idiot kid (i say kid even though i was 23 at the time) i got pulled over again and was driving on a suspended license. car impounded ticket etc. my coach was not pleased and i was removed from the team. to this day i do not blame my coach. he made the right decision. i ended up having to leave school and move home as i could not afford to stay without my scholarship. the above is important because tom, being the attorney of record got all of my notices to appear in court, and was required to appear on my behalf since i no longer lived in the state. over the next couple of years i found out on three or four occasions that i had a bench warrant for my arrest for failure to appear in court. i knew nothing about having to appear due to the fact that i was not receiving any of the notices and tom was not showing up to get my simple dui taken care of. another year passed and the dui was still not settled. i was moving on with my life and had finally got a good job working as a recruiter for a national company, life was looking up and i was enjoying the work. after about a month at the new job my supervisor pulls me into the conference room and informs me that the company had run its mandatory background check and asks me why there was a bench warrant out for my arrest in another state. i inform him of the dui (for those that may ask, in the application it asked if i had been convicted of any felonies- technically the dui was not settled, and a first dui is rarely ever considered a felony.) and he tells me that due to their insurance company not being willing to cover me i would be let go and that day would be my last day. i was defeated. it had taken me months to get that job and get out of waiting tables. i called tom to see what the absolute fuck was going on with my case and how i had yet another bench warrant out for my arrest. he dodged my calls for days. i started keeping call logs on when i called, if i was able to reach him etc. but it was to no avail. he basically disappeared. the revenge- i started looking into what it would take to file a complaint with the state bar association. this is not a simple process, and you have to be able to prove the attorney was negligent in how they were handling your case. fortunately my mother was a stringent records keeper for matters like this, and had the call records for the last several months along with the minimal documentation, contracts etc from when we hired tom. we filled out what seemed like an endless supply of forms for the complaint and sent everything we had to the state bar association. it took several months but once the bar association looked into the case they wrote to inform me that they had suspended tom’s license from practicing law for 10 years in that state and he would not be able to appeal it for 5 years. they also refunded me the $1500 that i had paid him which went to hiring a new attorney. the new attorney was great and was able to get the matter resolved within 6 months. but she did tell me that when she appeared before the judge he was visibly upset at me due to how tom had handled the case. i was not given any leniency and got maximum fine amounts and 3 years unsupervised probation. all totaled it took almost 4 years to get my dui case settled in court. my probation has been over and done with for a while, but i still smile knowing that tom is still unable to work in his primary profession. and for those wondering, i do still drink, but when i do i drink responsibly and take a cab. tl:dr don’t do your job which results in getting me fired from mine. i will make sure you cant work in your profession for 10 years. so this story is from quite a while ago, in one of those endangered white rhinos of the retail world, a chain video store. my chain store had a lot of management turnover, as well as "franchise turnover" (meaning we were passed between a couple of franchise groups before landing somewhere in limbo). this, along with the fact that all of the employees knew the management login and password meant that we had more power than we should have, and little to no threat of firing or legal repercussions (i remember a kid lifting and selling a bunch of new releases of lotr1 before the official release date). now, being a "family place" (the 2nd biggest national chain), and being the store with the biggest selection in an area of upper-middle-class suburbs/towns, we had a lot of issues with entitled mombies and kids, but this was one of my favorites. there were 2 of us manning the counter, so i stepped out and started asking customers if they needed help finding anything. there was a mother with 4 kids, the youngest being a toddler in diapers, wandering around the video game section. i asked if they needed help, and was given something of a harrumph/sigh in response. lacking a translation for "frumpy groan," i simply said i was around and if they needed help just holler. i noticed the toddler was tugging on his diapers and doing a duck walk, but being 20 and not experienced with kids, i wasn't aware just what that signified. note that she never asked to use the restroom, or indicated that there was an issue. i did the rest of my rounds and returned to the video game aisle, where i noticed what looked like a trail of chocolate covered raisins leading to the toddler. thinking the little shit had helped himself to our treats (which were stupidly in reach of grubbey little shits), i looked for the box, only to see another round one drop from the groin-goblin's leg. i was a bit shocked with that, but then he started pulling at his diaper, dropping more and more while mom is ignoring his whimpers and waiting in line. i walk up behind her, poke her shoulder and ask if she would like some rags, a bag, and cleaner to take care of her little shit monster, and she replies that it isn't her job, and isn't that what we are getting paid for? now, she is 3 spots back in the line, so i tell her that i can help her out on my register. i scan her card, and promptly note on her account that her kid had shit allover the floor, and that their account was permanently disabled. i told her that the system wasn't taking that card, and asked if there was another account for their family (there was one for their teen, and one for the husband.) i got the phone number and looked up the other accounts, repeating the same note to all of them, and using the manager code to mark all of their (quite substantial) late fees as "to be sent to collections." i then smiled, and cut the card up in front of her, and told her that since she can't respect the store or the employees, and since she is unable to control her children, and refused to clean up after them, that she her accounts were locked and that she was banned. she tried to use the other accounts, but i told her they were irreparably locked too, and that her household was flagged so they couldn't get any new cards. she flew off the handle, screaming and shouting, yelling that cleaning the floors there wasn't her job (it is when your panty-stain decides to shit all over it), and that she would call the manager, owner or corporate and report me. i told her to go ahead, nothing would happen to us. she grabbed her kid (still dropping nuggets) and screamed for the rest of her brood, loading them into the van and peeling out of the parking lot with her middle finger raised. she called back that night asking for a manager, and i had a real fun time pretending to be chuck, the territorial manager (not a real person). i told her she and her family were banned from any stores in the district, and that we would be pressing charges if her or any of her family tried to open up a new account. i ended up having to clean up the shit, which sucked, so i called up the other video store in the town and let them know what had happened (or that they were habitual shop lifters, i can't remember) but they ended up banned from there. they tried coming in and renting a few times, even trying to set up new accounts, but each time they were flagged, both because the incident and their late fees (which i guess they couldn't pay off now that the account was locked, and they were sent to collections for them, but i have no sympathy). they ended up getting sent to collections and having a lot of issues due to that, and tried to call and write the store to make impotent legal threats, but i had made sure to put notes up on the desk and the system. they came into another job i was working a year or two later and started yelling at me, asking why i ruined their lives. i told them the truth, it was because their actions in the video store were reprehensible, and that we didn't need customers like that. i also said that if they returned their videos on time they wouldn't have had fees, and then they wouldn't have gone to collections. i suggested that they perhaps learn from this experience, and readdress how they treat retail employees. this just further enraged them (the husband was in my face). they were asked to leave, and "banned" from there as well. seriously though, if she would have even apologized i would have let it go, but having to clean up her kid's shit and deal with her attitude? that (in my mind at least) justified the repercussions. tl;dr: mombie lets loin-goblin shit all over my video store and cops an attitude, and the family gets banned and gets their credit corn-holed as a result.yesterday someone posted a revenge story about lying to get a guy fired. the post had -330 something points and has now been removed due to breaking rule 3 on the sidebar. as a reminder, please keep stories non-serious. the post in question pretty much ruined a guy's life based on a lie. there were also a lot of comments which had been reported and only one of them was actually spam, the rest were just people disagreeing. please report comments and posts if they break any of the sidebar rules but please don't report something just because you disagree with them and feel a downvote isn't enough.i work in san francisco and take the bart (train) into the city everyday. the trains, like any big city, get very full during peak hours. nothing makes me more angry than when someone thinks they are too good for the line. they think it is acceptable to just cut infront of everyone and get on the train. in the past when i have been cut off i have tried to fart or burp on them. this comes with the downside of making the entire car smell for just one person. not fair if you ask me. but today luck was on my side. this 20 something girl cut right in front of me. she got a seat and seemed very smug about her current situation. that was until her stop came. she did not foresee an irate man with a large backpack standing between her and her exit. difficult to stand up with fat man and a backpack in your way. muhaha. she did not make her exit at the time transfer station. that should give her about 30 minutes to think about the social etiquette of lines. was told this should go here so here it is: i accidently cut this guy off. i waved at him and yelled i was sorry. he followed me, stopped at stop light and threatened to beat me up. tried to get me out of my car. i took pictures of his car, he told me he’d shoot me. so i drove off. i'm a guy who is very afraid of confrontation. i subscribe to a lot of research sites and i reverse looked him up based on his license plate number. i got everything i could. his car had a college license plate and a marine corps sticker. so with his full name, his address, and the school he went to, he was easy to find on facebook. i created a fake facebook account, with pictures of a girl i found on the net. and i friended him. he accepted and started chatting me up a bit. just in messages though. i could see everything about him, saw who is wife was and that he had kids. one day he asked if i’d call him. so i bought one of those cell phones from a grocery store and texted him. told him i couldn’t call, that my boyfriend was the jealous type but i wanted out. our texting went on and on and i eventually started sending him selfie shots of a girl i found. she had a full album and i’d save each image for different days. he started texting me images of his dick, and him jerking off. even a picture of him ejaculating onto one of the pictures i sent. i started sending “thinking of you” cards to his home addressed to him, no return address. he flipped and asked me via text if it was me. he insisted that we meet to talk about it. so i pretended to be my “boyfriend” and told him i was going to blow his fucking brains out. then, i took pictures of everything, the entire exchange, and mailed this entire book to his wife. she ended up leaving and they got a divorce. the idiot never defriended me from facebook. he lost his house, had to pay alimony and child support. he whined about being taken to the cleaners by his “bitch wife”. don’t know what to think about this one. i have this thing where if people really cross me on the road i’ll do background searches on them and then will mess with them. most stuff is i find out someone had a criminal record and i anonymously ask their employer if they know. or i subscribe to barely legal porn mags (gay or straight) and have it mailed to their home or work. but this one i went farther than i ever had. something about the way that guy kept trying to get me out of my car so he could hurt me scared me and made me really angry. but i’m really bothered by the impact this had on his kids. this guy was the last time i did the “search and destroy” thing. i think i may have taken it too far. my father told me this story recently about when he worked in an office building a few decades ago. apparently, someone kept stealing the peanut butter &amp; jelly sandwich out of his brown lunch bag in the fridge most days out of the week. after the first one, he labeled his bag, but it still kept happening. he said i was still in diapers at the time. when he woke up after a full week of sandwiches missing, he decided to substitute what he found in my diaper that morning for the peanut butter that day, went into work and tossed his lunch into the fridge like normal. at lunch, he went to check the fridge, and found the sandwich on top, with one big bite missing from the corner.when me and my friends were like 12y old, we lived in a peaceful and nice neighbourhood. all other people were nice except one old couple. they were fed up with life and children. we did skating and hanging at a bus stop near their house. we were well behaving and not too loud kids but still they didn't like us. they started to call police saying we were destroying things etc. the 2nd time even the police were fed up with the wrong alarms. one day they had broken beer bottles on the bus stop and said we did it. we were too young (back then 12y olds didn't drink) to have drank those and we happened to notice that there were similar empty beer bottles on their yard. they also had their adult son to drive our skating curbs away (another friend saw this). we had had enough. we started to broke bottles on their yard, shot bb pellets on windows, blew up their post box many etc. in the beginning it was quite frequent but of course fading as time went by. still every now and then they got their post box blown up. we actually gave them quite a lot more than they were asking. but the thing is that they did ask for it, they didn't need to be assholes. in the beginning they didn't state a reason for hating us, so today i don't know why they started it. tldr: old couple started to fuck with us and we gave them overly back.not me, but my wife and i were in a chinese restaurant in sacramento and enjoying a nice dinner. a few feet away from us is a table with two semi-ghetto high school age girls. they had ordered this special meal (huge combo of a ton of different foods meant for two or more). suddenly we hear this yelling and the two girls have booked into the parking lot with the waitress unable to catch up. after being pretty upset, the waitresses start to clean up the plates and then start laughing. as we were regulars, they came and told us the story. bitch left her brand new iphone. i laughed and told her to call the cops. she said "no, i sell the phone, it's worth more!" we all had a good laugh until this fat lady walks in and discretely says "i think you found my phone" as we were walking out. the waitress gleefully replied: oh yes, we found it! i think you accidentally forgot to pay your bill, though!" awesome dinner. tl;dr king hippo tried to book on a $60 dinner and left her $400 phone. baby huey had to roll her ass back and pay the bill.i posted this to pettyrevenge some time ago and just happen to stumble across this sub and thought i would just share my story for your enjoyment. so here goes, i live in a pretty large gated community and my house is currently going under some renovations. as with any renovations you get junk that needs to be thrown out, so my parents decided to get one of those big containers that can be taken off and put onto the back of a truck (it's lifted onto the truck with a big mechanical type hook thing that's attached to the truck) to throw the trash out (edit - it's called a skip) we got the container pretty late into the evening after the construction people had left and therefore it was empty for the night. the next morning however, we woke up to the container being 1/3 full of random crap and a big ass queen sized bed that looked about 30 yours old. so of course my parents were pissed beyond belief that someone would just dump their trash into our container after we paid for it and now we don't even get to use the whole thing. now on to the revenge part of the story, as i was looking into the container staring in disbelief when i saw something sticking out of one of the trash bags, lo and behold it was a letter... with the perpetrators address. what do we do? well, that night, me, my brother and my father decided to return to these people all the trash that they so graciously left in our container. but since they were inconsiderate enough to dump it in our container, we decided to dump it all over their driveway and in front of their cars so they could not be able to leave without cleaning up. revenge is sweet and the neighbors did not even come and thank us for returning their stuff. how rude. tldr: neighbors dumped their trash in our skip, gave it back to them... all over their driveway i was on the subway today and these two really bitchy girls and one asshole jock got on and sat down next to me. one girl looked over at my shoes and said "thats the new generation of ugly." i wasn't sure if she actually was talking about my shoes because she was talking to the other girl and so they talked about my shoes for about two minutes until they specifically mentioned the brand (merrells) by name, then i was positive they were talking about my shoes. the were not even trying to hide it!! they kept bending over to look at my shoes!! now i am not a vengeful person but then i realize that they are talking about bullying people. im not even joking i am pretty positive one said "i bully her everyday, its really fun!!" so i decide that i need to do something, i realize that the girl sitting next to me was wearing white jeans and that i had a black pen in my pocket. i take the pen out and unscrew the top discreetly. i let the ink flow onto her pant and she does not noticed, so i wait for my stop. when we get there i get up turn to them and say " nice pants, they match my shoes" (my shoes are black). she looked down and the look of helplessness and horror on her face was priceless, but i'm not done yet!! as i walk out i shout "slu-u-t" and the guy gets up and runs at me in an attempt to punch me. but, and i kid you not, the train doors close so that he ends up punching the metal doors. he screams like a little girl!!!!!!!! i wave sarcastically as the train moves on and i think one of the girls started crying, but i felt really good. sorry for the long post.so back in high school, aged 15,, i realised i was gay, but i hadn't told anyone at school, what i was doing though was hooking up with guys using faceparty (old school right) my account never had my real name on, and only one picture, so to find it you really had to know what you were looking for, or you were looking for other gay people. so the asshat of the school finds my profile some how and starts immediately telling everyone that i'm gay and he found my profile etc, so i started getting questions about it all day long, after the first few i started ask the question, my profile is pretty private, how did he find it without searching for gay guys, thus putting the seeds of doubt in place. that night when i get home, i mocked up a faceparty profile for this guy, used his email, his pictures, one his usernames from msn, and a little sob story about being closeted and not wanting to be found out. then screen shotted the profile and printed off a lot of copies took them into school the next morning and got one onto every desk in his home room, and several pinned around the school. it was confirmed, the guy searching for gay guys was actually gay and had a secret gay account. guy went absolutely off it. everyone thought he was gay for weeks. best part was after about 3 weeks of everyone taunting him and loving me, he tried to take a swing at me. i nutted him, and fell to the floor, and thus sealed his legacy as the guy who was outsmarted and then beaten up by the gay guy of the school. this happened last year on christmas day. my wife and i were visiting her brother for christmas and after all of the festivites were done we wanted to eat. they did not really feel like cooking, so we found out that mcdonald's was open. well after we pulled up to the glorious double arches of gold. we went inside and ordered our food. they were super busy and the wait times were pretty bad. i offered to wait for the food since my brother in law had his three daughters that wanted to play in the playhouse. as i was waiting i kept noticing a lot of ice on the floor. as i continued waiting i noticed it was two teenage girls throwing the ice about 17 &amp; 14 years old. they were giggling and carrying on. i ignored it until one pelted me in the head. i got my food and as i walked by and looked them dead in the eyes "quit throwing the fucking ice!" they stopped. we enjoyed our meal and time together. as i was leaving we filled our drinks up and left. as we were walking to the cars. the two girls from pulled up to me in a mustang. the younger one leaned her head out the passenger window and said, "sorry about the fucking ice!" my sister-in-law without even giving me a chance "sorry about the fucking ice bitch!" and empties her large soda right in the girls face. they both drive away with the girl in screaming tears. we laughed about it the entire night. **tl;dr: teenage girls being bitches, got a face full of soda.**disclaimer: this is not my revenge and isnt as good as the last one story: this is the same guy as my other post. he is a landscaper and he doesn't like not getting paid. he did some work for a lawyer, i think it was around two or three weeks of work and the lawyer was very pleased, and got lots of compliments from his neighbors. it was the talk of the street at the time. however the lawyer didnt pay up... revenge: like i have mentioned the landscaper doesn't like not getting paid. he decided to make a point and show the lawyer up. he parked and old caravan on the guys lawn with a sign saying "pay me!" when the lawyer asked what was going on he said "me and my family wont be able to pay the mortgage because you wont pay me, we are just going to live here with you" lets just say he got paid the next day.revenge is a dish served... however you like it! ladies – did your husband, boyfriend, girlfriend, or lover cheat, steal, lie? did you go to extreme measures to seek revenge or to teach him/her a lesson? guys – did that crazy ex-girlfriend, wife, lover show you her “true colors” to get her point across? we want to tell your story – the most dramatic, spectacular, creative ways women have taken sweet revenge on their low-down, good-for-nothing men! (at least in their opinion)! and we want to tell it on national tv! were the police involved? no worries… did you end up in the local news? that’s ok… as long as it was worth it! there must be 50 ways to leave your lover – and we want to know how you did it! please reply to us with your story and a way to contact you... we'll get back to you if we are interested in hearing more! asshole neighbors have a habit of turning music right up loud every weekend. with a shared ceiling, thin walls, and their tendency to go off and threaten us when we ask them to turn it down, i found a tiny, simple solution yesterday… switched 4g off, got my phone on edge, and browsed some heavy sites while moving it around the wall. bingo, found a place that makes that delicious zzzzt zzit zizt zit zzzt of an edge connection through their speakers, and let it do its thing. radio went off within 5 minutes and every time it goes up again back comes the edge. bliss. haven't heard it above a murmur since.i never believed in karma. until this story. a couple of years back i was in a relationship with a wonderful girl. we had been together for 5 years at that point, living together for 2 of them. about a year and a half after we moved in together, i lost my job. it hit me hard to say the least and i became kinda depressed. i guess my girlfriend though comforting me and helping me out was too much because she began sleeping with her co-worker. i saw their e-mail exchange and i lost it. i wanted to confront her so bad but i knew that would do nothing. so i decided to get some revenge. because i wasn't on the lease when we got the apartment (i had shitty credit), i could move out no problem. one morning i arranged some movers to come by our apartment and moved out. but before i did that, i logged into her e-mail and forwarded the exchange between her and the co-worker to the head of hr. later that day i got a text saying that her company let her go, that they were cutting back on staff. i simply texted her "i know you've been cheating on me with earl (not his real name). i moved out this morning. never talk to me again." 2 days later she shows up at my mom's house asking where i am. my mom plays dumb and says she has no clue. she relentlessly texted me after i moved out. and continued to do so for a while. last i heard she moved in with her sister, suffers from depression and is an alcoholic. i guess i'm a bad person because that brought a smile on my face. edit: forgot to add that the guy she was cheating on me with got fired as well.so my buddy got this sweet ass bike as a gift from his parents when he started his doctorate at cal tech. he'd had it for like a week, when it was stolen while he was at school. my friend was very determined to get his bike back. so he checked craigslist, and pawn shops. most people do this for a little while before getting tired of it and giving up. not my friend. he did this for two years, and finally found his bike for sale on criag's list. he set up a buy with the guy, and informed the pasadena pd. they all met up, the serial numbers matched (keep your receipts kids), and the cops arrested the bad guy. my friend was feeling kind of bad for the guy (considering he might not have been the one who stole it), until he learned from the cop he had 90k in unpaid parking tickets!this is a long story, but i've marked off the "revenge" and "pro revenge" bits with appropriate headings to facilitate skimming. **background** around 8 years ago, i applied for a job working for a relatively small organization as a manager. instead of the position i applied for, they offered me a different job reporting to the person they hired for the management position - still a step up in my career but not quite as good. i accepted the job and soon after was invited out to dinner to meet my new manager. let's call her sara. i immediately became skeptical of sara. she presented as a devout christian woman while throwing shade at her previous co-workers and jobs, all of which raised alarms i my mind. i resigned myself to being polite but distant from her rather than running away as fast as i could because i figured i might have the wrong idea about her. yeah, not so much... as soon as we started working together, she started pawning off much of her work to me. she hated making phone calls which she was required to make, so i got stuck with those. she wouldn't return messages from clients so i ended up doing that too. the organization was small and had a serious resource shortage, something which was made worse by some recent system changes that were made right around the time we arrived. her shirking was positioned as "delegation" since she dealing with fixing those systems issues. the higher-ups saw it as a temporary issue and implored me to be cooperative. soon, i was working 60 hours a week trying to keep up with the workload. i got paid overtime, but no amount of money can make up for constantly being thrown under the bus by your incompetent boss because i couldn't handle the workload i was being asked to manage. nobody could! when she would actually get called on the carpet for mistakes and issues, she would yell and scream at me while simultaneously blaming me for the problems she caused. meanwhile, she was having long conversations with anyone who wandered past her doorway, leaving at 4 everyday with no overtime, and smiling that self-righteous smile of the oblivious sociopath. i think she truly thought she was a great and successful manager. i will point out that the people in upper management clearly noticed that something was up with the work in our department. a year had passed and things weren't getting better...they were actually worse on my end since now i was so demoralized that i had cried a couple of times at work. thus, they didn't pay much attention when i pointed out that our work loads were inequitable and that i was basically working both of our jobs, mine and sara's, without the appropriate tools since sara hadn't actually fixed the system issues she had been hired to manage. other people in the organization didn't really understand the system issues because they never had to use the system. **revenge** i finally decided that i was finished dealing with sara and needed to demonstrate the dysfunction to the higher ups. i waited for sara to take a week of vacation and then promptly called in sick for two days once she was gone, leaving the higher-ups to try and handle client issues for those two days. i didn't answer any calls from the office during working hours, despite having some frantic "how the hell do i do what the client is asking me to do?" messages. instead, i waited until after hours, claimed to have been sleeping due to medication, and then left long messages detailing the convoluted processes of how the system worked (or didn't). i took the time to work on my resume and write up my resignation letter, including an offer to stay for up to two months to facilitate a transition (i didn't bear the lower-tiered worked i'll will and the money would be helpful if i could have a set date in mind, so i felt ok with a longer notice period). i arrived back at work after my illness and had three of the higher ups walk straight into my office, shut the door, and sit down. "what the fuck is going on here?" was the first thing that came tumbling out of the general manager's mouth. so i spent a good ten minutes detailing the system issues, reminding them that i had consistently mentioned being overworked and not having the tools to do my job. apparently, sara, unbeknownst to me, had been bad-mouthing me to all of them, calling me incompetent and slow. once they told me that, i said i found that surprising since she had spent all of that time bad-mouthing the system to me and calling the management incompetent. one of the other managers told me that they were attributing the problems to me and my emotional state, and now realized after just two days of trying to do my job just how awful things really were. they apologized to me for doubting my claims and vowed to make changes. i thanked them and handed them my resignation notice, telling them that i had decided to go back to school to pursue a new career and couldn't do that while working for or with sara. over the next two months before i finally left, sara basically became a woman defeated. i fed them every nasty word she said for two months, including showing them some text messages i received in which she bad mouthed the organization. the gm told me they couldn't fire her because anyone new would be even worse with the system, but that they were taking steps to cross-train others on the system in order to be able to get rid of her. they monitored her office and interrupted long conversations. they removed me from her control, allowing me to return her delegated work and insist she do it herself. we had long meetings about systems issues during which she was left looking like a bumbling incompetent. after i finally left (they had a little party for me), they called her into the gms office and read her the riot act for basically chasing me out the door and costing the organization a strong employee...their words, not mine. sara contacted me after being told off and expressed how sad she was that i would say such things. i denied using the words they claimed i used, saying only that i talked about the circumstances and not the people. i lied purposefully in the faint hope that it would be useful to me in the future. i had no great love for the management of the organization despite their recent attempts to make amends and it cost me little to play both sides. her reputation was so bad at that point that nobody would believe her if she said i stuck up for her. it wound up being a good instinct! they fired her 3 months later and told her not to use them as a reference. she has basically been stuck in a series of temporary and low-paying jobs ever since she left. we are still social media friends and i have seen her messages about looking for help from god and tough financial times. as much as i want to feel bad for her, i can't muster up even a little bit of concern for her. instead, i enjoyed a little private laugh at every bad thing that seemed to happen to her. call me a jerk, but i view her as someone who tried to destroy my career to save herself some work. **cold-blooded pro revenge** so it has been nearly 8 years, as i said, and i have finally had a chance to truly extract my pound of flesh from her. last week, she sent me a long e-mail talking about our working together and how she's happy to see is things have gone well for me and how she looks back fondly on our work together. she said she knows that we didn't work together ideally, but that she had few options and wanted to ask me for a professional reference. i jumped at the chance and reassured her that i held her no ill will. "here is my contact info. just have them get in touch. anything you want me to emphasize when we talk?" i got all the details and told her i would let her know when i got the call. i finally got the call this past thursday. i proceeded to damn her with as faint praise as i could possibly muster. i really put on the hollywood touches: weird vocal inflections, thoughtful pauses before tepid endorsements, seemingly careful and precise word selection. they must have heard from others about her penchant for talkativeness because they asked me point blank about that too. i went super cagey in my response; "i mean, she certainly is friendly enough but i can't recall any personal experience with her being distracted from her work by talking too much. of course, i spent so much time in my office that perhaps i just didn't see it." got the word this morning thanking me for the reference and saying they hired someone else for the job. i expressed my condolences and told her to feel free to let me know if she needs another reference. she told me she would definitely be in touch. **tl;dr - there once was a manager lady whose actions were all sorts of shady i got her ass fired she tried to get hired used my reference to keep her in hades** so i was in my 20's and had a good group of friends. we alwasy hung out at one guys house on weekends. his dad was rich and had a epic party house. there about 20 to 30 people there every weekend. one asshat started showing up, friend of a friend kinda deal. well the guy he always came with moved away but asshat kept coming over on weekends.. he was a fast drunk and turned insulting and mean to people he didnt know that well and always rude to the girls that where there.. we got tired of him fast and when he got drunk he would sleep in his car till the morning. (at least he didnt drive drunk).. to get rid of him one night my friends and i decided on a plan.. asshat came over on sat like normal, drank and got rude with in a few hours like normal, went to sleep in his car like normal.. but this time when he was sleeping in his car we disconnected the battery from the car and taped black plastic tarp over all the windows.. i left about midnight but i heard the next morning he was screaming in his car for about 5 min till he figured how to get out in pitch black. asshat even called the cops to report my friends. cops came and they told cops what they did.. cops laughed and said there was nothing they could do.. never saw asshat again..so, just a quick one from my dastardly friends archives of revenge. same guy as /r/prorevenge/comments/1isnlu/fish_sauce_for_fuckwits/ ...oh the stories i can tell. so... my friend is all dressed up and ready for a night at the club. pre-drinks at the pub have been done and the whole group is feeling super happy and looking forward to a night of dancing and more. everyone gets to the club, usual cue and wait to get in. they let the girls go in first together and the the guys go to follow. one of the bouncers 'decides' that my friend is 'too drunk' to go in and even though all the girls and the other guys that just went in in front of him were fine, he can't go in. so it's too late and everyone else has already paid to get in and he's left in the cold out in the street. not taking a kicking lying down my friend devises a plan. he heads around the back of the club, down the alleyway, and jumps the fence into the back area. it is closed up and dark but he soon finds what he's looking for. using a bit of wood lying around he smashes the lock handle of the electricity breaker box and opens it up... then he turned off all of the power switches for the whole building in seconds! he said the screaming that came from inside the club was insane. quickly he jumped the fence and headed back down the alley to the front of the club. by this time people are streaming out and he milled around with them until he met up with his friends. they headed off for a different club and had a great time. i don't know if he told the people he was with what he did that night, but it really wouldn't surprise me if he never said a word. tried posting this in petty revenge but it got removed. i guess it might not be very petty since i mindfucked this guy haha. i run a youtube channel called ownage pranks. a viewer sent me the callback number to one of these indian scammers and asked me to prank them. i decided to call them as a fellow indian man pretending to fall for their scam, and see how they'd react. here's the [video.]( i had so much fun messing with this guys head, he gradually gets more and more raged until i get the guy to curse at me at hang up. if you guys get any calls like this and they give you a callback number (or any other obvious scam), please send it my way! it was extremely fun for me to mess with this guy's head and i definitely want to do it more often. got any suggestions for what types of scams i should try to expose next? :)ok, not sure if this is petty or pro.... i lost my job a couple years ago and had to move out of state. the owner of the apartments i moved to hired me to be the maintenance guy, i was the first repair man she had that wasn't hooked on meth. i agreed to lower than minimum wage, but it was under the table so i was sorta ok with it at the time. i worked my ass off, she would give me one to two days to turn apartments over. i laid carpet, linoleum, paint you name it i did it. i cleaned the grossest places in the world. fast forward 2 years...i was needing some money to renew my id so i asked for a check (most of the time i just applied my wages to the rent) she shut me down and said she didn't have the money, i wasn't able to get my id so i wasn't able to take another job. i was stuck being her slave, that summer i had a apartment that needed to have all new everything, even toilet. the place was a mess. she had another renter help out but his gf went into labor that night so he wasn't able to help....problem was she never adjusted for his absence and called for a inspection for 3 days after i started...i half killed myself to finish in time, the night of the second day i hurt my back trying to lay carpet by myself...my back hurt really bad, so bad it was hard to walk. she was informed that i was injured but didn't seem to believe me, she was only worried about the inspection. i beasted out as much as i could and finished in time to pass. my back was hurt so bad i was laid out for a solid month, crazy pain. i've never felt that type of pain before... two weeks in she bought a bunch of bark dust and plants for the yard. i was doing the best i could but it was hard to even walk but i was getting it done. she noticed i wasn't working as fast as she wanted and decided to give me a lesson on how to use a shovel ( like i don't know) it really started to make my blood boil but i tried to keep my mouth shut, but she wasn't done...she went on to give me a speech about how she needed the "biggest bang" for her buck. wrong thing for her to say considering i'm the first guy to not rob her blind and i wasn't even getting min wage and could even get a check when i needed it most...i lost it, threw the tools down and walked of. fast forward a week, i decided it was time to move. i found a better job and was getting ready to move... i still couldn't forget the "biggest bang" speech, just couldn't let it go....sooooo i took weed killer to all the bushes she just bought and drilled small holes in all 14 metal roofs! tl:dr don't forget to get the biggest bang for your buckalright, so my now ex girlfriend was letting some of her homeless friends stay with us for cheap rent. i woke up one day and my phone was gone. the odd part was i left it in between both my wallets, and those were there. i immediately thought it was them but nobody would believe me. "you probably just don't know where you left it!" so i bring up find my iphone on the computer, and it shows nothing. i leave it up just in case. i should also mention methhead1 and methhead2 are gone, they said they were going to the mall last night. so we're all looking around and stuff, and lo and behold, guess what shows up on my map? my phone is magically at the mall! now she believed me. so we called them, and they said it must have been a break in, but they would look for it. i also called all the phone shops and mall security in case they tried to sell it. i get a call back later, they said they found it! some asshole had it, and they beat him up for it! wow, that's literally unbelievable. so i tell him that's good, when i get the phone i'll be able to plug it in and see who it was that was looking at the phone when it was turned on, thanks to a security app (that doesn't actually exist). "oh, you might see pictures of me doing funny shit in the camera...haha *choke*" so they get home, and those bastards stole my sim card. luckily it's a cdma iphone 4s, so it isn't really needed. they also tried to reset it, but it just ended up being icloud locked. i thank them profusely, and just leave the phone on my desk to let them stew. they look nervous as fuck, so i drag it out a bit, talking about how i don't really feel like checking who it was tonight. the next morning, i kick them out, and don't give them a refund on that months rent. they went off on us, saying how they helped us and we were horrible people, ect... throwing a fit and denying it, screaming and talking about how they were going to break shit. enjoy being homeless, cunts. they are still living on the street. i still see them sitting on the street from time to time while doing errands. so i've been browsing this subreddit for maybe an hour or so, and i think it would be beneficial if you could add [picture/s] into your title so i know if there are some. when there are pictures that provide proof/more info, it's very pleasing.this didn't happen to me, but i think the story is too perfect to not share. at school i lived in an apartment that's been passed down in our fraternity, so we all know each other and have stories shared from the past. well, a few years ago one of the roommates was notorious for leaving his dishes in the sink and never doing dishes. not a guy my older roommates hated and wanted out, just an annoying thing he did. well, one day they had enough of the shit. it was a 4 person apartment. the other 3 bought paper plates, utensils, bowls, everything and decided to only use those disposable ones. they didn't let the 4th roommate know about this. well after a couple weeks the sink started getting really filled. roommate #4 came into the living room one day while they were watching tv and said something along the lines of "man, the sink is really getting filled... someone should do the dishes." at which point they made the big reveal that the dishes all could only be his. he was pissed for a short bit, but it got the point across and it's a great story now.i know a lot of people have been waiting for this update. **this shit gets better.** if you haven't read the original post, check it out [here]( to clear up a misconception from last time - i *did* call the police at the time of the incident, and they would not come out because it was on private property. when i left you guys last time, the police were about to serve this dude the paperwork. i had found him, and i was awaiting a phone call from the sheriff's department with a confirmation. but their phone call wasn't the best news. they arrived at the defendant's business address, and no one was at the address. the deputy told me he could try again tomorrow, but i was already not a fan of the way the police had acted until this point, so i told him to leave the paperwork at the police station, and i'll take care of it myself. i enlisted a coworker, david to serve this guy instead. i drove david to the place of business - a two story, decrepit business complex with grey stonework and 70's style brown trimming. the defendant's place of business was on the second story, in a dark corner amidst other small businesses. it was extremely quiet, and not one of the offices upstairs were occupied. david knocked on the door, with no answer. however, there was a mail slot in the middle of the door. we looked through it, and saw that the "office" was about the size of a mini cooper, with a solitary desk and a dell pc. nothing was on, and there was no phone. we called the phone number i had tried earlier, and no one answered. so we went downstairs, hoping to speak to another business owner as to the whereabouts of this guy. for some reason, the empty office gave me a really uncomfortable feeling. on the first floor was a phone repair shop, with two sales reps at the counter. david nervously asked one of them if they knew who george g****** was. the man responded - "are you here to serve him?" dave laughed and asked how he knew that. the man told him that they get people in here every week attempting to serve george g******. so this dude has been running from people for quite a while. i need to tell you here that reddit really helped in this investigation. one user, /u/rijnzael, told me about colorado's secretary of state website. i used it and found another business address for the same company. david and i drove there, but the office space was completely empty. those were the only two leads i had. i felt defeated, and without closure. the last resort i had was a user, /u/semyonov, who offered his private investigative services to me on another thread. i messaged him, and within one hour, i was on the phone with him, giving every piece of information i had about the defendant. semyonov (we'll refer to him as "p.i.") told me to give him a few hours, and he'd call me back. sure enough, within an hour, he called and went through the full background on george g******. a hispanic male in his early 40's...who has liens and judgments against him stemming all the way back from 1997. the defendant has been all over colorado since 1997, setting up at least 10-12 small businesses - all with multiple p.o. boxes. the addresses were impossible to find, and the phone numbers were bunk. one address happened to be a prison in my hometown of canon city, co, so we assumed he was a convicted felon. the multiple businesses this man set up was a telltale indicator of money laundering activity. he had filed for bankruptcy twice, but he recently sold a business in 2013 for over $600,000 - so he wasn't exactly poor. unfortunately, despite the full record p.i. pulled up, there was absolutely nothing new for us to go on. after a few back and forth phone calls from other attempts - i told p.i. that he had done his job, and that i had felt a strong sense of peace, knowing that not only have dozens of people attempted this very same thing before to no avail, but that i had exhausted every resource available to me. i went back home and relaxed for the day. 30 minutes later, my phone rings. p.i. called and told me that he tried another database, one that usually doesn't pull up many results. however, this time an address popped up for a home about 15 minutes north of me in commerce city. the home is owned by an asian couple...but the utilities are in the name of the defendant. p.i. told me that he could do surveillance of the home at an hourly fee, but i told him that i would go by and see if i found anything first. i got in my truck and drove to the address. the home was among an absolutely gorgeous neighborhood surrounding a golf course, each of them worth $500k+. i rounded the corner for the address, and two houses down - the grey dodge ram was sitting in the driveway. the license plates matching the photos i took. he was at the fucking house. i drove down to the end of the street and called p.i. i needed him served right here, right now, while we still have a chance. i met up with him at a king soopers (grocery store) about two blocks away, and he went through the game plan - he would park across the street and use his binoculars to spot george. all the p.i. needed was a visual confirmation, and the papers would be served. both the p.i. and me carry concealed, so i parked two houses down and stood on the sidewalk, as p.i. pulled across the street. as p.i.'s brakes quietly squeaked as he stopped, george came outside and started loading his truck. he was getting ready to leave somewhere. p.i. got out of his car and had his cellphone in his shirt pocket, recording the entire exchange. p.i asked "are you mr. george g******?" "no" george replied. "well, does he happen to live here?" "no, no one by that name lives here." "oh really? because i know what you look like, and your plates and vehicle match up to you." "are you profiling me, bro?!" "dude...don't pull that crap with me" george surprisingly answered - "okay" p.i. gave him the documents. we served the douchenozzle. we got him. we had his address. at this point, he has to either move to another residence, or pay the full amount in order to get out of this mess. george and i exchanged looks as he turned to walk back into his house, papers in hand. i gave him a huge smile, and i walked back to my truck. the p.i. and i met around the corner, and i left my truck running while i came up to his car to sign the paperwork and pay him for the services rendered. while i was signing - i heard my phone ring through the truck's bluetooth. i walked back and picked up my phone, with the words "private number" sitting across the screen. my adrenaline shot up, and i could feel my eyes dilate. there was absolutely no one else who would call from a private number at this time, so i picked it up while the p.i. was scrambling to begin recording on his phone. i answered - "hello?" a calm, smooth voice replied - "what's up, cracker?" i answered back with a derogatory expletive that i will not repeat. george threatened - "i'm coming to your house tonight - and i'm gonna come up on you." "oh yeah? how do you know where i live?" (i had intentionally left my address off of his copy of the service notice) "doesn't matter, you better watch your back, you pudgy-ass mother fucker" (i'm not even fat!) as i answered back, the phone hung up. the p.i. wasn't able to record the exchange, but he pointed to my dash cam - the thing that had already been quite the useful tool before - it was running the whole time, with audio to go with it. the p.i. and i parted ways, and on the way back to my house i called 911, hoping i could get him arrested. i reported the threat he had just made. i was shaken, mostly by the tone of voice george had, plus the fact that he had spent time in prison. he had nothing to lose, so why wouldn't he kill me for $1,000? the police officers were...you guessed it...unhelpful. they told me it wasn't a real threat, because he didn't specifically use key words like "gun" or "knife", or even "hurt". so they refused to come out, but i could go in on monday to request a restraining order. it was friday night, and a piece of paper wasn't gonna do much anyway. i was thankful that i was carrying at the time, and that i had more than one weapon at home. i went home and did a quick google search. if you type in my name and zip code, which was on the copy of paperwork george received, my home purchase is public fucking record. the very first result is my address. great. so i started packing my weapons into my truck, set my home video cameras to record, talked to my neighbors, had my roommate go to her friend's house for the weekend, and left. i met up with the p.i., who attempted several times to get the police to come out and at least file a report, to no avail. after waiting for a while, i went to my girlfriend's house and stayed there for the weekend, periodically logging in to my cameras from my tablet and checking on the house. fortunately, he didn't show up, and my neighbors didn't report a grey ram driving around the area. i laid low for the next three weeks. my bumper got fixed, and this morning, i walked into the courtroom with my pages of pertinent documents, videos, and audio recordings, and waited. george didn't show up, and the (surprisingly, very rude) judge ruled in my favor by default, for a total of $1,067.88. my next step is to have p.i. go back and serve him with interrogatories - a piece of paper which has him declare any assets, his banking accounts, etc. if he is served the interrogatories, and he does not comply, a bench warrant is issued for his arrest. throughout this whole time, george hasn't done anything illegal, technically. colorado driving laws state that insurance is not required on private property, which the home depot parking lot is. so i'm hoping to get these papers served, and get a criminal charge against him. if i don't, it's really not a big deal. i got under his skin enough that he had to call and threaten me, and that makes me a happy man. seriously, thank you all for the advice and well wishes. this was a great ride, and it would be awesome if a local newspaper could pick this up. i reached out to 9news and fox 31 denver a few weeks ago, and neither have replied. i highly recommend /u/semyonov's services, he's an incredible p.i. with a ton of patience and understanding, and is very good at walking you through the entire process. any fucking questions?i go to the movies with my so and its her choice. ends up being hunger games. oh well im 35 and i can can handle a chick flick for a bit. theater is packed. few minuts in i nicely ask the 4 young teenage girls to keep their voices down. over the the next half hour i know everything about their simple teen lives because they wont shut up. phones on the whole time. i get a little more firm and then angry with them. then a plan comes together. i had a huge soda in my hand and carefully carve a hole in the bottom with a key and plug it with my finger. say to my so were out of here. i get up to leave, then standing in the isle and i say sorry to the teans for getting angry with them and if the one on the end could hold my soda while i put on my jacket. girl takes my soda holding it over her lap, we then speed walk as fast as i can to the exit, im a few feet from the door and i hear the most satisifying horror movie scream man has ever heard. i was in an abusive relationship for two years. i do not have any type of support from family and my friends cut me off because i did not leave him right after he hit me in the face. i was so stupid for not leaving right away. two years had passed, i finally able to believe in myself again and able to find a steady full time job. i slowly drift away from me and started to make new friends again. i slowly drift away and he started cheating on me. while he was in the bathroom, he forgot to lock his iphone and i saw their messages to each other. i decided to seek revenge instead of confronting him and then day came when i got my revenge , i met up with him in his place so we had some drinks and fortunately he got so drunk that he passed out. with my rubber gloves , i went to his laptop and went to his facebook so i posted tons of pornographic items. i wrote something in his facebook status too stating he is gay and he is sleeping with buddy and that he cannot hide his feelings for him anymore. on top of that when i was about to leave i saw a big jar full of weed, so i flushed it in the toilet. i am not homophobic but he is.*** and i do not smoke weed. so that was the last day i saw him. he freaked out on me and he mentioned as to why i threw his weed and i told him to call the police on me (as if) as for the other woman, fortunately she works at the women's centre where i went for counselling and she mentioned it to my ex and she also gave him my new address. i received a message from my ex and told me he will come see me at my new address so i decided to stay at a hotel. the week after i showed the text message to my counsellor and they terminated that woman and she got charged.when my father was in the army he lived in on-base government barracks, sort of like apartments. one of the guys in his building would make a ton of racket every morning very early, with his motorcycle. he would rev it loudly for a solid 10 minutes before leaving. he had been asked by others not to do this, but he ignored them all. so one night, my dad got out there with some wire clippers and clipped every electrical wire on that motorcycle that he could find at both ends, removing the cables he clipped out as he went along. the bike looked fine, but, naturally, all exposed wiring was missing. he never heard that guy revving his motorcycle again. he knows it was repaired, but the guy finally got the message.disclaimer: this is not my revenge story but one i thought you guys would like the story: so there is this guy who is a professional landscaper and he was contracted to do a big job for someone, the whole deal. completely reshaping the garden and basically making it look amazing (so i hear) but he had one problem, he didn't get paid... the revenge: now this guy doesnt like not getting paid (i have another story about him) so what he does is magic, after weeks of trying to get paid he had enough. he put on a boiler suit and a mask, he jumped into his van and drove to he house, went to the garden and sprayed a "kill everything" weed killer over every thing. the best part is it took 3 days for them to notice and there was nothing they could do about it...supposedly the girl said she would get back at him somehow for all the lawsuits sterling's ex wife filed against her. i know this sub is just for stories of pro-revenge but this seems to be the biggest public revenge story ever. 2.5 mill fine, banned for life, forced to sell. so my now ex girlfriend *both of us are 18* cheated on me with a 32 year old married man who she works with. after nearly three years she goes and does this to me, right before final exams in college. i nearly failed out of college, and then she texts me and says "btw he's a better kisser than you" and goes on to mention how they fool around on work time. so i wanted revenge. i went to where she works and asked some of my friends that work there, and found out the guy's name. so i called the walmart, spoke to the manager, and in complete detail *that she gave me* described what they were doing on work time, and when he asked me to come down and show proof, i showed him the texts she sent me. they were making out, she was blowing him, etc on the clock, so he thanks me for letting him know and i leave. later i go on her facebook and see her status saying how she got fired. i checked at the walmart and found out the guy got fired too. you cheat on me after three years? you'll lose your job and your reputation will go down. i am considering exposing how much of a whore she is to her friends as well. suck on that you lying slut. edit: and stop asking for the tit pics!! look up porn like everyone else.my friend knew this girl in high school. he was mad about her. after graduating, life sent them on separate paths. love and regret: after about 20 years they got in touch again after meeting at the high school reunion. memories were rikindled. sparks flew again: one and many things lead to another, and he moves across states to be with her. he moves in and they are happy! after a couple of months he notices that she would have these massive mood swings from happy to anger, to bitchiness, to cruelty. a completely different person. he notices that her ex-husband would come around a lot. "we're just friends." was her explanation. one day he spots her computer email open and reads emails between the ex and her about having sex when my buddy wasn't around. she would say "he just left. c'mon on over. lets fuck." and "he's just here to pay the rent." and "he's and idiot." he reads her replies and correspondence to guys all over the country on craig's list cruising for sex. he prints out all the emails and mails them to the fiancee of the ex-husband. she received them on dec. 24th . by then, my buddy has moved out. on the 24th his ex calls many times, but he dioesn't answer. she did finally send one more text saying "you just ruined christmas!" a year later he meets a beautiful girl that he had known before and they got married and are very, very happy. many, *many* moons ago, i used to live in a small town in north carolina. i was in the fourth grade, just as happy as can be. i was a generally quiet kid and got along well with pretty much everyone. i was the quintessential "good" kid that everyone loved. one day, while playing soccer at recess, one of the kids shoved me down, kicked me in my stomach, *then* kicked the ball. now, this kid was barely a stranger to me. i don't remember ever talking with him, let alone having any issues with him, nor him, me. i think, in my clouded memory of long-past, he may have been in a different grade... so when he did this, besides being physically hurt, i was confused as to why someone would to such a thing to me on purpose. after a visit to the nurses office and going back home, nothing came of this situation for a couple weeks. well, one day i was sitting outside with my girlfriend (aww... young love), waiting for my oldest sister to pick me up. i don't remember why we weren't riding home on the buses this day, but it doesn't really matter... as me and my girlfriend (you always remember your first love, right?!) were just sitting there talking, that same kid from before approaches us and starts calling us names, and at one point, called my girlfriend a whore. now, i was a pretty sheltered kid at this time, and some of those names were foreign to me, but my sense of honor demanded that i stand up for my girlfriend (i never cared if someone called me names, even at that age). so, i started off running after the little scamp. well, he was quite a bit faster and more nimble than i was, and so easily evaded all my attempts to... do whatever my young mind was going to do to him. after a while, he eventually got tired of running around me and waited for me.. only to kick me as hard as he could in my groin. again, back to the nurses office, with a phone call to my parents about what had happened, etc, etc, but to my knowledge, nothing happened to that kid. closer to the end of the year, we were out playing soccer again, and i saw that same kid. well, this time, i wasn't going to just let him be. i waited until he had the ball, and then instead of kicking it to get it away from him, kicked him in the knee. hard. somehow, and to the best of my knowledge, my girlfriend was the only one who saw it. i never got in trouble, and i never saw him again, either. i like to think that i might have broken his knee/leg.hello. i've recently graduated from college, but have no job, so i got an apartment at a shitty complex. now, just because it's a crappy complex doesn't mean i shouldn't have a functioning apartment; i do pay rent after all. i had been on the landlord's case for about a month to fix my slow drains and non-operative electrical outlets in the apartment. when my toilet clogged, things came to a head. i went down to the office to tell them about the toilet problem. while i was there, i also complained about the slow sink and outlets again. they said it would be at least two weeks until someone would come fix my stuff. when i asked why it was going to take so long, they said it was because maintenance was too busy turning over apartments for new tenants. that pissed me off pretty bad. so i decided to relieve them of any new tenants. maybe with no new tenants coming in, they would have time to fix my apartment that i pay them good money for every month. so i went to the drugstore, and i got one of those poster kits. it took me about fifteen minutes to make a poster that said in real big letters, "so-and-so is a deadbeat landlord." then i took my sign, and stood on the sidewalk in front of their leasing office. i know i turned away at least 3 people who were seriously thinking about renting there. new tenants are so valuable to this company that they'll take $500 off the rent of anyone who refers a new tenant. i stood out there for one full business day. the very next morning, maintenance was banging down my door trying to fix shit for me. apparently the way to get stuff done around here is by cutting off the flow of new suckers! tl;dr landlord flatly told me that my shit wasn't getting fixed because they were too busy turning over apartments for new tenants. so i stood outside their leasing office with a sign that said "so and so is a deadbeat landlord" and turned away all the new tenants that came up. they quickly fixed my shit.i'll start by saying i've been considering this for some time. in my personal opinion, if i'm going to read a text-based post, i don't want to have to open another window or be dragged away from my current one. a lot of the stories posted here have been links to r/pettyrevenge and what i'm proposing would just be that if you're going to link to a text-based post on another subreddit where there is no need to to link, to just copy and paste the story rather than making the reader have to load a new page. links would be fine if it was to a news story, picture, comment thread, etc., this would only make it so that text posts that have no need to be linked would stay here rather than redirecting the reader. i'd like to know what you guys think so please comment on this or message me directly. i'll make a decision after hearing what you all have to say.a few years ago, in my mid 20s, i was engaged to a guy. obviously i thought he was worth it at the time, but it turned out i was very wrong. my fiance was living with me, though he still maintained a studio apartment across town due to his super old-fashioned parents. they were footing the bill for some of the wedding and we decided to keep them placated by keeping up the illusion of living separately. one day, i came home and heard the telltale sounds of people screwing. my heart jumped up into my throat, then plummeted into my stomach. i thought there was no way it could be what i thought, that it must be some porn he was watching. it didn't sound like it was coming from a speaker, though. i crept to the bedroom and found him balls-deep in the woman who was going to be my maid of honor in a few months. i wanted to react right then, but didn't trust myself in my potential reaction. so i left, and started to think. here's where the revenge comes in. i purchased a camera to hide in the bedroom and record when i was gone. if he was dumb enough to have another woman in the bed in my home, he'd done it before and would do it again. it was a matter of waiting. eventually, i caught them and saved the recording to multiple places - physically and virtually. one long weekend, we were supposed to go visit his family, who lived a few hours away. i claimed i was sick, but insisted he go. while he was gone, i boxed up everything of his that was at my place (which was most of what he owned) and brought it to a storage unit about an hour from where we lived, in an area that had a couple dozen storage facilities. i then put the key for the storage locker in a lockbox in *another* storage unit. in a town an hour in the opposite direction from the starting point, or two hours from where his stuff was stored. i paid four months in advance for each, in cash. i used different names and each location. i also ground off any identifying marks on the keys that would let him know what brand locks were used. that done, i changed the locks on my place and printed a photo of him screwing my former friend in the box with it; in case that wasn't enough i included a cheap usb drive with the video on it. i also put a note, saying "good luck finding your things! finding the lock that this key fits is the first step." as a final burn, i sent a copy of the video to everyone we knew. including his family. i was in a relationship with this guy for 2 years, we were happy, i had introduced him to all my family including my son. then i found out that i was one of 2 women he was in a relationship with. i found this out by the first woman contacting me and then the whole story came to light. well once i found this out i decided i needed my revenge. i knew that this guy was driving without insurance or tax on his car, so i decided to make an anonymous tip off to crime stoppers (british service to dob in people who commit crime). i didn't think much of it until i got a call from the other woman who asked me if i knew why his car was clamped outside her house. i said i did not know. it just so happens that on that morning he had stayed over night at her house and when she left for work she took his mobile phone, the house phone and her keyboard with her so she could peruse his phone at her leisure at work, without him being able to tell people he didn't have his phone etc. obviously because she still didn't trust him. well it turns out that the police decided to clamp his car that day and with him unable to get in touch with anyone he had around a 3 hour walk to his mums house so he could sort his car out. oh and by the way that morning the woman found out there was a third woman involved with him when she took his phone that day so justice served :)many years ago i started a job and in my department was a young lady who was just a loud-mouthed, rude, crude, bad tempered and nasty bitch. she was just a bitch. i am sure some of you have come across one of these people in your life. anyway. back then, there was no caller id on the phones like today. i decided one day after hearing her yell again at someone, to pick up the phone and call her. she sat on the other side of the office but i could hear her and see her pick up the phone. when she picked up the phone i quietly just hung up. i would turn down the volume on my speakerphone and have the mute button on while i dialed. when i would hang up, it was just matter of me silently clicking it off. when this would happen i could hear her yell "dammit!" over and over again. "dammit!" i would do this like 3 or four times a day. sometimes i would get up and go to the fax machine and dial her from there to deflect any suspicion. "dammiit!" i would hear. i would suffer in silence as i tried and succeeded in suppressing my laughter. one day i saw the only friend i had in the office get into a fight with her. "i just hate that bitch." he told me. i decided to let him in my mini-world of revenge. he started to do it as well. she would scream "dammit! who's doing that?" and look around the room. my buddy and i just kept working and she couldn't figure out who her wrong-number-phone-stalker in the room was. he would do the fax trick as well. when i finally quit my job i would call her like once a week and prank her three or four times in a row. my friend would call me and say "dude was that you?" "she's so pissed! she's going crazy!" and proceeded to tell me that she was screaming all over the place like a crazy woman and that management had been called on her various times. of course we would laugh about it. a couple of years later i get called into an office meeting and a supervisor asks me if i know a person from my previous job who was applying for a job at my current company. it was her and she was in the other room. i go to meet her and there she was, a broken woman. she was somehow different. i told her if she wants a job here she cannot do the same shit she pulled off in the other place and if she ever does i have the power to fire her. she proceeds to tell me that she had realized that she had been overbearing and that she had a real talk down by her former boss and that she had learned to control her anger. so believe it or not i gave the go ahead and gave her the job. and yes, she did change. the people loved her at the new job and she was a productive and good employee.never spoke much about this revenge, but here it goes. i came home from a double shift at work, only to find someone had shot my two english mastiffs. everyone in my neighborhood knew it was my one neighbor, but no one could prove it. he would make comments alluding to it, but never outright said he did it. fast forward three years later everyone in the neighborhood hates this guy still. he is just a monster. i had a horse that foaled sooner than i thought she would (was told she was due in dec, she foaled in aug). after checking her placenta to make sure it was all there, she gave birth while i was at work, i was at a loss of what to do with the afterbirth. a few days later, i see asshole neighbor put up a beautiful brand new white front door. i knew what i was going to do. middle of the night, i used 2 ice hooks, carried this massively heavy placenta to the front of his house....and heaved that bitch right on his door. all i could see was a dark blob at the upper half of the door, all the way down. he had a new door put up the next day. [have a liiiiink]( i'msosorryit'stumblr. tl;dr a man dials wrong number but is rudely hung up on. angry grudge against guy number uno. different guy cuts off our main character when he tries to park, so main character uses this opportunity to get revenge on not one, but two assholes! yipee!girl i was with gave me the clap. i found out she was sleeping around on me .as it came out that the clap was going around in my social circle. so we all go get checked and get meds. they all get cured. i'm still pissed that 1 she was sleeping around on me and 2 she gave me the clap! so i don't take my meds for 3 weeks and as expected she comes to me wanting some. so i gave it to her, clap and all. took my meds and laughed my ass off as the clap made its second rounds through my social circle!my uncle screwed my dad out of a good bit of money. he was also pretty much a drunk and an asshole all the time. for some reason most of the extended family took up with my uncle instead of my dad because my uncle had a high profile job and made a lot of money. so we just avoided my uncle as much as possible... many years later i am looking for a job and apply for an entry level position at a big corporation that has to do with natural gas. my best friends dad is the ceo for this company so i figured i was a shoe-in. unfortunately this is where my uncle has his high-profile job in upper management. so the ceo tells me that i wouldn't be able to work there since a close relative is in upper management. so i say in passing,"well, keep my resume on file. he is a raging alcoholic and i am sure he'll be fired eventually." two months later i get call to come in for an interview. i get the job and start work. my uncle was fired from his job and his life immediately went to shit. his wife divorced him and took him for almost everything he was worth. she also took got custody of his two sons who resent the hell out of him. he lost his giant house to the bank, after he even tried to set it on fire to claim insurance money. now he is jobless and alone. he's constantly in and out of jail due to duis and unpaid child support. now my family sees what a giant ass hat he really is... and maybe my passing statement didn't get him fired, but i like to think that i was the one who knocked the first domino over to bring his life crashing down around him. i get a mighty justice boner every time i pass him in his shitty car that is his last remaining possession. not technically an update since grandpa has been gone over 20 years now, but my grandma passed away recently and while cleaning out her house i found the newspaper clipping about the phony bomb and wanted to share it. clipping here original post here not sure if this is where i should post this, but here goes: so, my girlfriend and i went to our apartment complex pool/spa area and as we're walking up we hear splashing. great, lots of people we think, so we take a look. well 3 guys we guessed to be about 18-21 are throwing the plastic green beach chairs into the pool. uhm. ok. you must be so cool. they see us and stop and start loading up their things in a backpack. we walk over and they go away after a minute of their scrambling and fumbling. i notice there are cameras pointed right at the pool, at least it's being filmed. they get to the outside of the fence and we see them looking with their phone flashlights in the backpack. they come back looking for something, but we don't know what. so i start looking for something, anything that shouldn't be in the area. i don't see anything and by the time they come back a third time they finally say something to us. they're looking for their car key. ha. what irony. i get a good look at the three as their looking for their key. they find it and the guy that finds it says, "nick, i'm driving, i'm the most sober!" wow. the whole time i'm trying to figure out how i can get these guys. it's become clear they don't live in the complex and that they are just pulling a prank on some random complex. they're also about to be driving possibly under the influence. my girlfriend says to them, "you better pull the chairs out, there are cameras and i'll be speaking with the complex manager." one of the guys gets a scared look and says, "oh, uh, ok. yeah, totally." they walk away and look at it and the two guys laugh and talk him out of it. ok. i'm frustrated. so we get ready to leave to get their license plate number. i get a feeling we should go out the opposite side, where the main entrance is. we do and see a security watch. of all the times i've seen a security guard, this is the happiest i've been. we tell him there's 3 guys about to possibly drink and drive that threw all the chairs in the pool that look underage. we tell him that we're not sure where there car is, but saw where they went. so my girlfriend and i head to the apartment and i sneakily go around the apartments and find their car with them in it. bingo. so i run back to my girlfriend and tell her i found them. the security guard comes from the area they were parked asking me where they went. i told him what car it was and he asks what apartment were at and my girlfriend and i go back inside. our roommate comes home an hour later and says, "oh my gosh, there's like, 3 cop cars over by the pool!" so we tell him what happened and i go the sneaky way to where their car was. still there. best guess, one was 21 and supplied the alcohol to the other(s). either way they're in jail. that was last night. tonight the security guard came back and asked for my name, saying all 3 went to jail. when i asked the charges, he said they were arrested for trespassing and underage drinking. the oldest was 17 and blew a .27. the middle was 15 and blew a .18 and the youngest was 14 an blew a .17. sucks for them.my dad told me this story about a guy he used to work with. my dad's coworker grew up in a rural area. he lived next to this old white trash douchenozzle who was a huge alcoholic. one day the family dog was found shot to death in their back yard bordering the prick's property. they had had issues with the guy before this but nothing close to this bad. they confronted him about it and he pretty much told them all to go to hell. well, this guy and his brothers had had enough of this bullshit and decided to get back at him. they knew the guy went into town to get drunk every weekend and came back late to pass out. they waited until he got back one saturday night from the bar in the summer and snuck over to his truck. they got into the truck and popped the hood. they laid some roadkill, a rotten possum carcass, on the hot engine block and closed the hood. that possum sat in there through the whole hot summer day decomposing until the guy had to go into town and noticed the stench. he probably never got the smell out. so, strap yourselves in, 'cause this is a story about my old opa, who scared the bejeezus out of an awful old (and awfully old) lady. but first, a bit of weirdness - back then, people didn't sue each other that much. which explains the lack of lawsuits in this story. so, my aunt, let's call her mary, lived in an apartment. her neighbours were this old couple who were incredibly petty and mean, let's call them husband and wife. just for disagreeing with them, they started putting glue in her door-lock and throwing rotten fruit on her balcony. this got out of hand, until mary really didn't want to be there anymore. most of this stuff was done by the wife. then, my grandfather heard of it. oh boy. so, first of all, my grandpa is awesome. seriously, he had pretty much every job in the world and skipped the east-west german border three times. he's clever. and he is a vengeful son-of-a-biactually i don't know anything about his mother. you see, both of these awful people were really old, but the husband was still working. my opa called the funeral director of our little town and told him he was the brother of the husband, that he had recently died and that the widow would need advice for the funeral, but that she didn't like to leave the house, so the director would have to visit her. he also told him that she sometimes was a bit delusional, that she didn't quite want it to be true - the director should be nice, but firm with the fact that he was dead. now, the funeral business isn't big, we were a small town back then. so the funeral director only had one car - the hearse. he rolled up in front of her door. the husband was working, just like my grandfather had planned. the director, in his nice official suit, rang the bell and explained to the "widow" that he had come because of her dead husband. now, contrary to what the title suggests, she didn't have a heartattack. but darn, she was hit pretty hard. she never ever did anything mean to my aunt again. not saying it was nice what he did, but this is petty revenge, after all. (i first posted this in petty revenge, but i was told it fit here better. i guess it does.) [this]( status showed up in my newsfeed. basically, he got up to do something and was logged out of the public computer he was using, and lost a lot of unsaved work. his retaliation was a little over the top in my opinion...what do you think?my roommate threw a huge party in our room while i was out with friends and, when she was super drunk, spilled shitty beer all over my childhood teddy bear and threw him out. every morning since i've been turning her alarm off, right after she sets it, while she's brushing her teeth before going to bed. she's missed her last four 9 am classes (officially lowering her grade to a c), thinks her phone is broken, and is about to spend a shit ton of money she doesn't have on a new one. that's what you get for messing with larry beary, fucker. edit: holy shit, gold and this is basically my fourth ever post to reddit. i love you, random stranger.if there's so many stories that get posted to here with many saying it belongs in /r/pettyrevenge and vice-versa, why isn't there a sub just called /r/revenge? that would mitigate a lot of squabble on which post goes where and such. years back my friend's bf left her in a load of debt, and she bore near all the cost of him moving out and then some as he vindictively racked up credit in her name. in a fit of revenge planning at the time, she took advantage of the wrong idea with the right offer at the right time and got a credit card in his name, thinking she could use it back at him the same way, or use it as leverage if he started the same shit up again. she was broken into a couple of months ago, she was pretty sure it was him, and the wheels of justice have been turning slowly regarding that, but among the items her ex stole was his own credit card. he banged up 17k on it before confronting her last week about it being his card not hers. he's an idiot, and just walked into a pit of his own creation. hell yeah.a radio's webcast/podcast that features revenge as part of their program. you may have to do a word search for revenge. so when i was a teenager we had the dick neighbor. you know the one that to call the cops has to just hit redial. so after years of him yelling at us for playing ball to near his house, or how we needed to cut our grass shorter because it wasn't even with his and looked bad. or the party after party he had the cops show up at our house. (and not even teen drinking parties either. just normal ones my folks were having with the music set to like 7) finally i just could not take it anymore after the last thing. so its a saturday afternoon in july (2pm) my friends and i are out playing with our cars as teen age boys do (ie rebuilding a engine etc). suddenly the cops show up, we are all wtf. after talking with us asking about what we are doing. he finally says ok and heads to our neighbors house, tells the guy that at 2 oclock on a saturday afternoon is when we are suppose to be making noise and not to call again. i decided ok fuck this already. so about 3 am i sneak over his place and remove all his lug nuts. at 7 am i am woken up to a loud thunk and cursing. i look out my window see his car in the street all four tires are off the hubs and pushed up into his fenders. he still was the dick neighbor but i had a smile on my face when i saw him. and thought of the time and money i cost him.about 5 years ago, a friend of mine was being bullied online by her boyfriend's ex and her friends. they were commenting on her appearance, calling her a slut, basically typical mean girl comments. they were really going after her and a friend who was tried to defend her. literally an entire thread of insults and hate. the girl who was posting most of the insults (we can call her "jess") was a friend of mine until she did something similar to me. after watching this barrage of hate unfold for about 2 days, yours truly decided to step in and try to end it. i was moving out of state in a few weeks anyways, so i really wasn't worried how i would be perceived by anyone in my town anyways so i really let all these girls know exactly what i thought of them. basically, i called everyone who insulted my friend out on their personality flaws. i went the extra mile with jess however, telling her she would probably never do anything worthwhile with her life. i told her, "you will probably end up staying in (my town) for the rest of your life, working the same or some similar crappy job (she was a server) because you don't bring any other value to society other than petty drama." a little harsh, i know, but i didn't care. it needed to be said. fast forward to this weekend when i came to visit some friends. we decided to go out for dinner before we start the night time festivities. when we arrived at the diner, guess who is going to be our server this evening? the look of shame on her face was enough for me to know that karma does exist. i didn't say much to her, certainly nothing mean this time, but she was being very passive-aggressive towards me. when it was time to pay the bill, i signed my receipt and left a small note at the bottom that said "don't you just hate that i was right?"when i was 8 years old it snowed in texas for the first time since i was born. i was down the street having fun, enjoying myself when one of these bullies that was about 16, compacted snow into ice and threw it at my face. it hurt like hell, and i started crying since i was so mad. so i went back to my house made a snow ball and peed in it. i used a hat to carry it in (didn't pee in the hat lol). i went back to him and threw it right in his face.