So like a lot of people on TIFU this fuck up did not happen to me today, rather it happened quite a long time ago when I was eleven. I was a nerdy kid and in my first year of middle school I got picked on. Nothing too crazy, but it affected my self esteem for sure. What made matters worse for me was this girl in my year, lets call her Beth, had a crush on me. Beth was a little off, more than a little off really and she was very vocal and persistent about her feelings for me. I really wanted her to stop, but eleven year old me couldn't muster up the courage to just tell her that all I wanted was for her to leave me alone. I tried to drop hints, be passively shitty to her, avoid her at all costs, but she was not picking up what I was laying down. Well one day me and Beth are in the first period math we share together. Beth's sitting next to me and I'm doing my best to ignore her and do my math homework. Beth, incensed by this, reaches over and starts tugging on my mechanical pencil. Now it's early, I'm not a morning person and I'm pretty done with Beth's shit so I start trying to yank the pencil out of Beth's grasp. Remember how I said Beth was persistent? She refuses to lose this tug of war and we start yanking this pencil back and forth until i decide to just...let go. Big mistake. Beth stab's herself right in the goddamn face, the eyebrow to be specific. The blood came pretty quick and Beth starts screaming "HE STABBED ME." The teacher comes over ,whisks Beth to the nurses office,  and tells me to "Stay RIGHT there." The intervening five minutes between the Teachers departure and return were some of the worst of my young life. The whole class is whispering and pointing and laughing. All i can think is about my fathers reaction when he gets word that I stabbed a girl in the face and how no one is going to buy that I only kinda sorta stabbed her. The teacher returns and begins to write the angriest looking referral I've ever seen in my entire life when another teacher enters the room and tells her to turn on the T.V. The first plane had hit the towers, the newscasters are saying it must have been an accident and then boom the second plane hits. It's 9 fucking 11. I'll be honest I thought "Oh GOOD." They forgot all about me. I didn't even get a referral. 

TL;DR Accidentaly stabbed a girl in the face, saved from punishment by Osama Bin Laden

Edit- Wow this blew up. A few things I wanted to address. First, thank you for the gold kind stranger... I will spend it on drugs. Second to the people asking if I ever saw Beth again, the answer is yes. I never saw her again in middle school but two years ago I was working at a pizza joint. I come in from a delivery and I sign in at the computer and on the list of drivers names is Beth. I look around and there at the cut table is a girl who looks very familiar staring at me. I dip the fuck out and manage to avoid her for roughly a week until she finally corners me. "Do you remember me?" she asks "YES OH MY GOD I AM SO SORRY" I reply. "They forgot all about me" she says "They left me alone in the nurses office for hours. I still have a scar on my eyebrow." I apologize again, she forgives me, then two days later breaks her arm in a car accident. Finally to all those asking if this is fake allow me to respond https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKo-E9IxzPw.