I originally posted this story Thursday night, but eventually ran into Rule 11. So before I give an update, here’s the original story. I’m not unable to sleep and typing on an ipad anymore, so I took the time to clean up what had been a stream of consciousness. People complained about my use of first initials rather than pseudonyms, so I fixed that (A is now Angie, H = Heather, L = Lena if anyone wouldn’t have picked up on that.

EDIT: I've been narrated! Big thanks to /u/Cyae1

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfCrRIAwZC4

Original Story (Christmas Night):

This TIFU is still developing, but requires a little backstory first. I've been working at my company for the past year, it's my first job out of college. Additionally, my office is blessed with a surprisingly high number of attractive women for a tech company (most of them were business majors, but I’ll take it). I've become very close friends with one of them, Angie.

It took me less than a month of working with Angie before I was convinced she was the girl of my dreams. Being the new guy and having to directly work with her daily I never tried to be more than friends in fear of the situation if she said no. She moved to a different team in June so we rarely see each other during work anymore. Angie got engaged in July. When discussing it with her I made a comment to the extent of "I'm happy for you but sad that we never got to try 'us'." I was drunk and knew it was a fuck up immediately but I was glad to have it off my chest.

We didn't talk for a few days and then I got a text inviting me out for drinks like a normal Friday night and both went on like I never said it. Fast forward to October and she catches her fiancé with an ex. Angie is no longer engaged. She came to me crying and we just sat on my porch drinking for the night. She tells me she is done dating for a while. I recognized then that I loved her as my best friend and just held her for a few hours. We started spending a lot more time together, but it was always just as friends.

So that sets up my relationship with Angie. Other coworkers you need to know: Heather and Lena. They’ve been best friends since college and Angie has kind of joined their little circle. Both of them are attractive but I've spent the past year unable to get Angie out of my mind (I'm forever the romantic, fuck me). I’m “friends” with them to the extent that they go out drinking with Angie and me regularly, but I don’t really talk to them much during the week. 

Now for our company's Holiday party on December 6th.

My company is a work hard, party harder company. The amount of alcohol we drink is insane for the corporate world, with over 2000 drinks served for ~320 people before the after-party.  I went alone to the party and so did Angie. We got drinking and midway through the party she gives me a quick kiss in front of Heather and Lena. The kiss throws me completely off as I'm now wrestling with feelings I thought I had tamed while being afraid of taking advantage of her since she was still upset about the breakup. The trio starts giggling and I’m thinking that that kiss might just be something Heather and Lena tease me about on Monday.

The night continues and the four of us share a cab to the after-party. Angie sits on my lap for the cab ride and kisses me again. I was hard under her leg for the rest of the ride and only got a couple winks from her as acknowledgement of it. Getting out of the cab Angie whispers in my ear "neither of us are going home alone tonight, but first we party".  My three companions all go towards the restroom and I make a beeline for the open bar and swap over to vodka red bull to drown what’s left of my inhibitions; I'm going home with the girl of my dreams tonight. Oh how I wish we had just dropped off Heather and Lena and gone to my place then.

With a few vodka red bulls and Angie’s comment replaying in my mind, they were able to coax me onto the dance floor. I know I can't dance so I actively avoid the dance floor. Apparently I could dance that night though. Spending the time on the dance floor allowed me to sober up enough to realize Lena is dancing on me almost as much as Angie. I decided to stop drinking then so that a) I could remember everything from this night and b) I wasn't going to underperform for Angie. If only I had kept drinking.

Getting a straight red bull from the bar when I go to grab the girls more, I returned to the dance floor to see them dancing together in a way that I will never be able to want to forget. I step back and watch for a few minutes. Oh how I wish I had rushed back out there with their drinks.

While watching, I see Heather kiss Lena. I knew Heather was bi, but I never thought about Lena. Heather then kisses Angie and I damn near dropped the drinks. I believe I operated with a low blood supply for organs above my belt for the rest of the night. When I get to them with their drinks, Heather downs hers and kisses me. I thought it was going to ruin everything between me and Angie until Angie ran her hand across my arm and I saw she didn't object. I'm now convinced I'll never have a better night than tonight. I pull away and suggest to Angie we say our goodbyes, meet outside, and head back to my place. I knew what I was hoping for but only expected Angie to join me. My life would be so much easier if I did not get what I had been hoping for.

I say goodbye to a few important people and head outside to hail a cab. Angie is standing there with Heather and winks at me again right before Lena grabs my ass and joins us. I get us a cab and again Angie is in my lap. I get more than a wink this time as she wouldn't sit still and was effectively giving me a lap dance for the short ride home with constant eye contact. I think Heather and Lena were making out but I wasn't paying attention to anyone other than Angie. I don't know how that cab ride could have gone differently, but I wish they would've fallen asleep or something before getting to my place.

We get to my place, Heather and Lena move to my couch as Angie and I are tearing each other's clothes off on the way upstairs to my bed. Why couldn't I have locked my door...

I'm on top of Angie when I feel extra hands touch my back. Raw excitement and realizing that I didn’t misread any of the earlier cues cost me my condom. My last condom. Angie whispers that she's on the pill and it’s game on for a foursome I'll forever cherish and regret.

The next morning, I wake up with 3 beautiful women in my bed and I felt like a Greek god for the first time in my life. After brunch, Heather and Lena both kiss me goodbye and get into a cab. Once they had left, Angie kisses me and returns us to they had so rudely interrupted the night before...

Angie and I have been dating since that night and she is everything I imagined her to be. I've spent most of December thinking I'm the luckiest guy on the planet. I got girl of my dreams and it got serious after a four-way. While most of the office now knows Angie and I are dating, almost no one knows the true events of that night so it hasn't really changed anything at the office. I’ve been talking to Heather and Lena more often though.

Fast forward to Tuesday. Angie and I are driving to my parents for Christmas (we went to hers for Hanukkah) when I get a distressed call from Heather over Bluetooth so Angie is part of the conversation too.

Heather is pregnant.
I'm the only man she's been with this year, so she hasn’t been taking the pill. Fuck. Angie is the first to start crying and I pull over before I am tempted to take the car into incoming traffic. We sit there and talk for a half hour before cooler heads prevail and we agree that Angie and I will leave early and be back early Friday. We'd have turned around immediately but keeping my parents oblivious will make it so much easier. Angie and I talk for the remaining hour of the drive and she says she's not mad at me since the four-way was her idea and we'll get through this. My parents pick up that I was stressed, but we manage to pass it off as stress from corporate politics.

Then there's today. Christmas. I get a call from Lena when I'm out alone with the dogs.
Lena is pregnant.
She doesn't know about Heather or at least doesn't mention it. What she does do is confess that she's in love with me and wants to keep it. She wants me to leave Angie and marry her before the baby starts showing or she's going to claim I forced myself onto her while she was passed out at my place.

I talk to Angie and she's in tears again. She hugs me and keeps saying we’ll get through this. I bring in my uncle (also my lawyer) to address her threat and says so long as Heather tells my side of story I'll be fine but we need to tell HR everything first thing Monday. Angie was holding my arm crying into my shoulder the whole time but she agreed. 

The last 48 hours has been an emotional roller coaster and it doesn't look to be ending anytime soon.

P.S. No, I didn't bat 3/3, let's just say I didn't enjoy Hanukkah as much as I wanted to.

TL;DR: Corporate Holiday party. Infatuated with beautiful coworker who has two hot friends who are also coworkers. Lots of alcohol. Four-way. Ran out of condoms. Start dating the girl of my dreams. Find out I impregnated both of her hot friends. One of them is crazy.
 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Additional info, most of which was posted in comments of the old thread:
 
* Yes, Angie’s ass is Kate good.
* Mentally, I heard Angie telling me she was on the pill to mean they all were. She thought they were too.
* My best friend bought a pregnancy test and took it to Heather on Tuesday, it was positive.
* Heather was supposed to start her period on the 10th, she had been taking tests since the 12th and first tested positive on the 22nd, she called me when she tested positive the morning of the 23rd.
* I went to the doctor on the 19th, I need to check up with him again next month, but I got a clean bill of health.
* I came 3 times: in the condom, in Angie, and on Heather’s stomach. I apparently pulled out late on the last one.
* On the last one, Lena had pushed me into her quickly afterwards. I had thought she was just trying to keep the party going. My mortality caused me to tap out shortly into round 4.
* None of them are supermodels, but Angie gets a solid 9 and the other two are both 7.5+.
* The foursome was a result of Heather joking about it on that bathroom trip and then Angie convincing them to make it more than a joke. According to Angie, Heather’s made the joke before.
* Heather is business-side while I’m a developer, but she would be my superior if we were on the same team. It can be assumed she makes more than I do.
* Lena is in accounting. I have no idea what she makes.
* Angie tried to talk to Lena yesterday. She hung up when Lena started shouting at her.
* For what it’s worth, I’m 24, Angie is 23, both Heather and Lena are 26.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

I also want to include the comment that made me laugh the hardest on the last post:

By /u/moshisimo
&gt;A and I are driving to my parents for Christmas

I? Who the fuck is I? When was I introduced??? Oh... never mind...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

UPDATE 1: On Friday, Angie and I talked to Heather upon getting back in town. She doesn’t want to keep the child, though she is going to ask her older sister if her and her husband want to adopt it. Her sister is infertile due to complications from her first child. If they say no, she’s going to terminate the pregnancy. She doesn’t expect assistance from me with either option, though I volunteered to pay for the termination if that’s where it goes.
 
She hadn’t talked to Lena but is appalled by her threat. Apparently Lena’s parents have been pressuring her to settle down and have kids while she’s young. Her family is very religious and will likely disown her for having a child outside of marriage. Heather told us that Lena has had a crush on me for months, I was just too obsessed with Angie to see it. She’s been upset about Angie and I being together. Her self-image took a hit when I was unable to keep going while in her (It was round four damn it!). I was the first man she had ever not used a condom with and she blames Heather for convincing her to do it.
 
Heather volunteered to talk to her as I wouldn’t be able to calm down Lena without a ring.
 
Update 2: Angie accompanied Heather to the doctor Friday afternoon for a blood test. They got the results early this morning. Heather is definitely pregnant. She’s going to wait a month to make sure there are no issues before making the offer to her sister. For now, all quiet on the western front.
 
Update 3: Heather talked to Lena. It didn’t go well. At least Heather recorded it.
 
Lena did get a positive result on the pregnancy test that Heather brought with her. Heather watched and knows it wasn’t tampered with. Fuck.
 
Lena is maintaining that I would be far happier with her than I would be with Angie. She said that we’re destined for each other and the baby proved it.
 
When confronted about the threat, she turned on Heather. She was yelling at Heather for how much she drank that night and pressuring her into joining the foursome knowing her feelings about me.  

When Heather informed Lena that she was also pregnant from that night and was considering an abortion, Lena went full holier-than-thou and likely ended their friendship with some of the comments made. The conversation ended there with the situation involving Lena infinitely worse now that Heather can't talk to her either.

-----------------------------------------------------
UPDATE 4: Angie heard me listening to the narration again. She's now reading the comments. So far, she's said I shouldn't have posted this, but y'all are making her laugh, so I should be ok.

-----------------------------------------------------

UPDATE 5: A coworker just text me "For Frodo!" Tomorrow is going to suck. He's enough of a friend that it won't be break room gossip, but I'm now considering who else could connect the dots.
Update 5.1: I'm removing a couple comments because of this. He said he only made the connection because he saw Heather kiss me, but I'm still going to cover my ass on this one. None of the comments I'm removing include stuff that happened that night.

-----------------------------------------------------

UPDATE 6: I have assholes for coworkers that are on reddit. I a four boxes of condoms were on my desk when I got in this morning. I'm lucky that I got in earlier than my boss. Other than a few "For Frodo!" calls, there wasn't anything else said to my face. Thankfully they've spared Angie so far.

Update 7: Talking to HR wasn't as bad as expected. Angie and I went to them as soon as they got in. They let us talk, it was mostly me exempt for the parts where I wasn't there like the restroom trip. We actually did manage some laughs from the guys in HR, one of them had actually read this TIFU. He said that I stopped short of identifying the company so posting this doesn't add to my situation. There is a good chance all four of us will end up on probation, but if we can keep it civil and avoid additional fuckups, we should be ok. 

They talked to Heather and Lena individually. Lena went home for the day afterwards and I don't know any more details about her. Angie has been talking to Heather since she got home. Apparently she was told similar things by HR, though the responsibility talk from one of her bosses was apparently very awkward.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reposting the TL;DR For those that are going to try to go straight to it.

TL;DR pre-update:
Corporate Holiday party. Infatuated with beautiful coworker who has two  hot friends who are also coworkers. Lots of alcohol. Four-way. Ran out of condoms. Start dating the girl of my dreams. Find out I impregnated both of her hot friends. One of them is crazy.