 Tuesday I fucked up by posting this story without reading the sidebar. Sorry. But alas, it's the weekend and anything goes, so I'm reposting it.



 Today I fucked up big. Oh man, where to begin. It all happened so fast, and fell apart so early. I'll start by saying I've been single for about two years now. I settled down early, at 14, and then spent the next 20 years with the same chick. Since she left, I've been forced to rediscover myself as an individual. I'll get to the point. The one thing I actually enjoy about being single is the fact that I can fart whenever and however loud I want. I want to fart on my kids? No problem. I want to Dutch oven myself? Absolutely, smells great. I want to hard fart on the couch? Please do.


Two a.m. last night seven year old daughter, Grace, has a nightmare and joins me in my bed. Six a.m. Half asleep and I make perhaps the worst decision of my life. I should mention here that I get the occasional bout of constipation. Yesterday was day four so I decided to take a laxative to ease things along a bit. The instructions said take between one and three for "natural relief". Six p.m. last night I took the three and waited for my "natural relief". Back to six a.m. Grace is the big spoon and I feel a hard fart coming on. Half way between consciousness and slumber I push a hard one out. I feel a HOT, not warm, hot, and wet, liquid THEW shoot out of me. Grace comes to and is covered from mid chest to knees in hot yellowish daddy shart. It shot clear through my pajamas. She wipes the sand out of her eyes and you can see it clicking on her head. She glances down and looks like she just found her pet’s decapitated head next to her. She immediately starts screaming. Her screams turn to tears as she stands up in the middle of my bed, dripping dad's colon sludge. She's screaming and crying, I'm apologizing and crying. All of this wakes up the five year old boy. He groggily stumbles into the bedroom and when he realizes what's happening, proceeds to full-on bend-over guffaw. I'm now holding my still exploding ass, Grace is losing it on my bed, and the boy can barely breathe as I make my way towards the bathroom. I get to the door where my son is, and before I can waddle past him, I notice his pants are wet. This boy laughed so hard, and on a count of the early hour, he pissed himself. "David, you're pissin yourself!" I scream ironically, whilst holding my shit filled jammies. He responds by laughing harder, falling on the floor, curling up into the fetal position, and continuing to empty his bladder. I'm in tears and covered in shit, Grace is in tears covered in shit, David is laughing hysterically in a pool of his own piss, and the dog starts to bark. My oldest daughter is home sick from school and wakes up in the commotion, and is now watching all of this like a horrified deer caught in the headlights. 90 minutes later, David has finally calmed down, everyone has showered and it's fucking silent as I try to feed them breakfast. A quiet ride to school an hour late and we have to stop by the office to get a note. The attendance secretary asks David why he's late and he busts out laughing again. Grace looks at me and screams “don't tell them anything", and goes tearing down the hall towards her class. It takes another three solid minutes to calm David down. I'm sure he went right in to class and told everyone. Grace hasn't said a word to me or made any eye contact with me since this morning. I think I may have really damaged her. I don't know if I can somehow blame all this on being a single dad to garner some sympathy, but I'll try. I'd hard being a single dad; even harder to look your daughter in the eyes after shitting on her. Ok, now comes the really bad part. Today is Grace's eighth birthday.





UPDATE: Grace said nothing to me on Tuesday, didn't look at me either. I gave her space and she kept to herself. Not her brother or sister, she didn't even want anything to do with the pets. The kids go with their mom on Wednesdays and I pick them up from school again Fridays. Since her birthday fell on a week day, we’re celebrating it this weekend and I need to make this one count.


 Thursday morning I get a phone call from her mother that wakes me up. I'm sleeping on the floor as my mattress is in the backyard waiting for a truck to take it to the dump. I can't tell you how much I dreaded answering that call. This is not going to be a positive conversation. I answer the phone to a good four seconds of silence.


“Hello?”


One one thousand, two one thousand, three one thousand, four one thousand.


“WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU LET SARTRE SLEEP IN YOUR BED TO SHIT ALL OVER OUR DAUGHTER ON HER FUCKING BIRTHDAY, ASSHOLE!!!?”


Wait, what? Did Grace lie to her mother or does she actually believe that the dog did this to us? Is her little eight year old brain too naive to comprehend her daddy sharting all over her? I mean it was early. It was a confusing fucking mess, but could she have been that confused? I never said I shit on her, just apologized. I thought it was obvious.  Maybe she thinks I was apologizing for letting the dog sleep in the bed.  My mind is racing as the ex continues to ream me.  Perhaps that’s why Grace didn’t want anything to do with the dog and ignored everyone. I apologize to the ex, and she finishes up yelling at me as I explain that I didn’t even know Sartre was sick and maybe that’s why he jumped into bed, to let me know he was sick. (Is this working, is Graces mom actually buying this shit? Am I actually getting away with this? All of this rushes through my head as I put forth the sick dog hypothesis.) I picked up Grace today from school. She seems o.k. She’s talked to me a little. Just demands though, “I’m hungry,” “can we change the channel?” that sort of thing. I don’t dare push the subject too hard, (after all, pushing got me into this predicament in the first place), but I’m kinda dying to know if she knows that it was me. How do you broach that subject with someone? Should I count my blessings and let it go? Do I just sacrifice the dog like that; Sartre taking one for the team, literally not existentially? The existence of the shit precedes the essence of my guilt, or something like that.  Maybe I’ll just save the ‘I shit on you on your eighth birthday’ bombshell for her 18th birthday. Fucking parenthood, huh?
   

Edit: tl;dr. I woke up this morning and covered my seven, now eight year old in a hard shart.
Edit 2: I've tried to fix the formatting, I wrote this in word and it got screwed up in transition 

Edit 3: Holy shit, thanks for all the gold, I wish I could say I was proud of my first gold.