Its technically Thursday now where I live, but it did happen a couple of hours ago. Anyways, I recently discovered the subreddit /r/nofap . I read many of their success stories on not fapping and becoming more confident around women. I guess this happens because testosterone and hormones build up and primal instincts kick in more. So I thought id give it a shot, since I never know what to say to the pretty girl that keeps sitting next to me in one of my classes. After about a week of holding it in, I do realize a change, as my 19 year old hormone-enraged body is ready to fuck the nearest living thing. Finally after much contemplating, I get the balls to ask this girl out after class. To my surprise, she said yes, she even told me she had been waiting this whole time. After my little dance of victory, I realized that the mission was accomplished. So my horny self begins to think that since I already scored the date, I had no reason not to masturbate. But the problem was I was still inside the college. But i guess today I was so horny that I disregarded the fact of what a stupid idea masturbating in public is. I rushed to the bathroom, into a stall, and whipped my meat out and just went TO TOWN. I was so into it that even when i heard the bathroom door open i didnt stop, I just tried to keep it quiet. 

This is the fucked up part. Since I always masturbate in my room with a tissue, I am kinda used to always unloading into the tissue. So without even realising that there is a toilet right in front of me, i quickly yank some toilet paper as I feel the end. I end up having one of the most intense orgasms ever, and im pretty sure I left a HUGE load in that tissue after a week of no fapping. Thats when I heard a voice next to me just kind whisper, "hey do you have an extra toilet paper roll on your side? If you could pass me some you'd be a real bro"
Suddenly i just see a hand peek out under the stall. Since I was so caught off guard, without even thinking about it, I PUT THE WAD OF PAPER I JUST USED IN HIS HAND. He quickly grabbed it and I started panicking since i realized what I had just done. Then, there was just silence, and i just heard a faint, "uhh what the fuck?"

So I got the fuck out of there as I bolted out before he could see me. but, hey, at least i got a date Friday. 

TL;DR Handed some dude my cum

Edit: fell asleep after posting this, so I didn't get to answer your comments immediately. But I'll try to answer as many. I'm never going back into that bathroom.


Edit 2: some of you said the no fap thing is placebo, and I agree, but at least it worked. Also, a few you asked me to update on the date and to try to share this story. I will add an update tomorrow on how that pans out

OP is a fag edit: Im so sorry guys. I totally forgot about updating this until /u/destroyer5656 PM'd me. The date went okay. I did not tell her the story, I couldnt find the right way to present it. i didnt make it to a second date, but it gave me a huge confidence boost!