I am currently 19. Female. I have always had issues getting to sleep and to this day, I still haven't had it sorted out...

So, when I was 11 years old, my dad took me to a sleep clinic to have some tests run on me over a few weeks and hopefully, get some answers. Well, at the clinic, they gave me a black wristband with a little black device on it and told me to wear it on my wrist for the next 2 weeks. I really don't remember them telling me what it was and being quite young and, well, stupid... I DIDN'T BOTHER GUESSING OR EVEN CARE!

So, at this age, I was a pretty frequent masturbator... I know it's pretty young to start off but I probably did it every second-third night, just before I went to sleep. I continued this night-time tradition as usual, even with this weird black thing on my wrist.

2 weeks have gone by, the wristband has been sent back to the clinic and my appointment there to discuss my sleeping patterns is in a few days.

I arrive at the sleep clinic with my dad and we are brought into a room with a large screen inside, displaying a graph. We sit down. The sleep (pathologist?) points to the graph and says:
"This graph displays your sleeping patterns over the last 2 weeks. pretty cool huh? We measured your heart-rate to see when you enter each stage of sleep, when and for how long etc."

SO. I am looking at this graph... and for those who haven't put 2 and 2 together by now... BUCKLE IN!!!
I look at how my heart-rate fluctuates throughout the day... and throughout the night. IT IS SO OBVIOUS, the SPIKE in my heart-rate at around 9:30pm or whenever the fuck I went to bed back then. AND SO MY ORGASMS IN FUCKING GRAPH FORM WERE ON A SCREEN, AND MY DAD AND THIS FUCKING PATHOLOGIST ARE ALL LOOKING AT IT LIKE: 'HMMMM HOW INTERESTING YEAH WOW'

Well, in the awkward, cold, white room, I am sitting there, and I can feel my face go red hot and I start sweating a bit and then the pathologist says:
"You know... at night-time... before you go to sleep... if you ever hear any strange noises outside like rustling, or even people... do you get scared?"
I stutter: "A little, I guess, yeah"
... he explains to me that he thinks I might be becoming alert at night, fairly often, because I get frightened by noises happening outside... and HE POINTS TO MY ORGASMS IN GRAPH FORM and explains that here, I become alert. He tells me that in the future, i shouldn't worry about scary noises or things that I hear, because I am safe.

SO THAT was the most fucking awkward experience of my childhood and it is still so CLEAR in my head... I just hope to gawd that my dad bought into the possibility that I was having orgasm-level heart-rate spikes due to some fucking koala rustling in a tree outside or something. &gt;.&gt;

TLDR: My heart-rate was measured over 2 weeks and my near-daily orgasms were displayed on a graph for my dad to see and a professional to POINT THEM OUT AND DISCUSS THEM as me being possibly "frightened", which might disturb my sleep.