So my coworker (call him Jeff) is asexual, but his parents kept trying to get him a girlfriend. When he kept rejecting them, his parents eventually asked if he was gay. He decided to pretend he was and said he was already seeing a coworker and then asked me to pretend to be with him, even going so far as to offer money (I don't really know enough people to care about my reputation and could think of worse ways to earn money, so I agreed). His parents wanted to meet me. The original plan was to meet his family and leave a very bad first impression so he would have reason to not bring me around them. Well I got there and it turns out his family is about the most fucking awesome family I've ever met. I expected everybody to either tiptoe around the gay thing, or be very over zealous about supporting it, either way I would overreact and make an ass out of myself. Turns out they treated me just like they would anybody else, so I couldn't do that. Then his twin sister (call her Jenny) comes out and decides to try to make me uncomfortable by sitting on my lap, (I didn't mind) and asking questions that most would consider inappropriate, I kind of fell in love with her that night. Well I ended up leaving a good impression, and was invited to dinner the next night to meet his other sister and her husband. That dinner went great as well, so I ended up just saying "fuck it, I'll come over whenever they invite me and just hope we don't slip up". Things went pretty well over next few months, I got along with everybody and kept telling myself I'd ask Jenny out after we told them the truth. Well Jeff ended up getting an apartment and moving out of his parents house, he needed a roommate and I volunteered (I wanted to move out of my parent's house anyway). One night I get back from work to find a fucking candle lit dinner waiting for me, turns out he really was gay and had a crush on me, and decided the best way to seduce me would be an elaborate scheme to trick me into moving in with him. Needless to say I rejected him, and he was actually surprised when I did. So he calls his mom crying and said I cheated on him. His family hates me now, especially Jenny. They won't believe a word out of my mouth, because it's his word against mine. So now I live(signed a 1 year lease) and work with a guy who thinks he's in love with me. I did learn a valuable lesson though; if you are going to live a lie, record some kind of proof that it's a lie.

Tldr; Pretended to be gay to help friend get parents off his back, find out he wasn't pretending. Now I live with a gay guy who thinks he's in love with me.

Update (07/21); Convinced Jenny to let me explain the situation from my point of view. She believes me but said she won't side against her twin even if he's in the wrong. Now my only hope is to convince him to tell the truth. 

Update 2 (07/21); Just went through more drama in an hour than I have in the last 5 years. Basically after Jenny left she went home and confronted Jeff (he slept at their house). They then invited me to come clear the air. I told them the same thing I told Jenny, then Jeff told his side of the story but spun it just enough to convince them that he didn't think we were pretending, and that I led him on. He also left in the part about me cheating, he said he caught me with a girl and that's what sparked this whole mess. Since I can't disprove anything he said, they now believe that I'm a sack of shit that likes to lead on gay men for fun while I'm out sleeping around (I've only been with one girl). And to salt the wound just a little bit more; Jenny called me a creep for letting her sit on my lap, apparently it was only cute when I was gay. The only person who even questioned Jeff's lying ass is his older sister, and she said the same thing Jenny did, "I won't side against my family, even if they are wrong". So I just lost what was basically my second family, and I'm either stuck living with captain dipshit or stuck with an apartment I can't afford alone.

Update 3 (07/21); So things just went from a bad situation to a disastrous one. My boss just called me on my day off to tell me Jeff asked to be put on a different schedule than me. Apparently Jeff told him I threatened to kick the shit out of him, and I fucked up more royally than I've ever fucked up before, I said "I never said anything like that and to tell Jeff to prove it" and now I've got to go in later to discuss this situation and he told me I was probably going to be suspended until further notice. That motherfucker attacked my job, this means war.

Update 4 (07/21); Well I called my landlord and am meeting him on his lunch break today, also somebody I know offered to get me some legal counsel so I've got a meeting later today to discuss my options. Also is there a better way to do this update thing? I'm not sure if this is correct form for this kind of thing.

Update 5 (07/21); I just got a call from the coworker that knew a bit about it, he got together a group of our coworkers and they pulled Jeff aside and "convinced" him to admit he was lying to the manager, so the job part might be resolved. Now we just need to come to an understanding about the apartment. I'm willing to live with him for the remainder of the lease if he's willing to sign a waiver or something stating that this is over. I'm not going to try to fix things with his family, you guys have rightfully pointed out that it isn't worth it. I'll probably end up being a hermit after this mess.

Update 6 (07/21); Just got a confirmation that he came clean to our manager, he's being sent home early and we both have to come back later tonight to resolve this situation, he didn't give me any information about the pending suspension but I'm optimistic. When he gets here I'm going to sit down with him and apologize for everything I've done to hurt him (real or imagined) and then hopefully we can settle this like civilized people. Then after I find someone to take over the lease I'm going to go on my merry way and hope for the best.

Update 6.5; u/Cyae1 narrated this for some reason and it's funny as hell! here's the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDqGkA72DHw&amp;list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6&amp;index=18

Update 7 (07/21); So Jeff came home and we had a fairly short but very concise discussion. He agreed to put this whole thing behind him on the condition that I let him continue the lie with his family. I agreed to apologize to his family  from the bottom of my heart for cheating on him and admit that I was leading him on. In return he agreed to make a formal confession video admitting that we were both at fault (omitting the cheating and leading on altogether) and he would let it die here and now. We sealed the deal by punching each other and unknown to him, I recorded the whole conversation on my laptop. I won't do anything with said recording unless he forces my hand.

Thank you guys from the bottom of my heart, your comments have helped me think through this mess and not react in a physical manner. This is mostly likely my last update, unless something drastic happens with the landlord, lawyer or workplace. Also he said he'd try to make Jenny apologize for calling me a creep, even he agrees she can't get mad about something she initiated in the first place. And the movie rights go to whoever gets a script written up first, just as long as the actor portraying me is a handsome motherfucker.

Update 7.5; Holy shit this hit the front page, and some kind soul gave me gold! Thank you whoever you are!

Update 8 (07/22); I'm sorry for updating so late, but I fell asleep after getting home and just woke up. I talked to our landlord and told him we had a falling out and even though it's solved I wanted to know if it was possible to get out of the lease, if I could find somebody else willing to take it on. He said he'd be willing to let me draw up a sublet lease (or something along those lines, my memory is fuzzy right now) so if I can find somebody willing to live with dipshit I'll be free. After that I talked to the lawyer, he said that it's illegal to record somebody without consent so if I tried to use the recording I could face criminal charges, he advised I erase the recording. Furthermore he said I could file a lawsuit for slander and something about character, but I'd be open to a countersuit and Jeff has at least 5 people who would be willing to testify on his behalf. Then he told me a restraining order would be a terrible idea, it would be extremely obvious that I was only filing it either as retaliation or as a preemptive legal defense. So he advised me to avoid antagonizing Jeff in any way and hope he doesn't find out about the recording. After that I went to tell my own family what was happening and things didn't go well, my mother first said I was pretending to be gay the same way that guys say they were joking after being rejected. Then after I played the recording she admitted she'd rather have a gay son who's in denial than a son who would manipulate an entire family. So needless to say we aren't speaking at the moment, my siblings are refusing to take sides for the most part, so no help there either. After that me and Jeff met up at work for the meeting with our boss. We both got written up for unprofessional conduct and told this was first and only warning, next time there is drama between us we both get fired. And he's going to put Jeff on a later shift than me so we don't have very much overlap in schedule. Next we went to his family's house so I could make my apology, I decided to follow the advice of the people on here and didn't support his lie about leading him on or cheating, but I didn't directly deny them either so I kept up my part of the deal. After my apology (I even managed a few tears, it wasn't exactly hard) they basically took turns berating me but I took it and didn't argue or defend myself, after that I told them they'd probably never see or hear from me again and left. On my way out the sister's husband followed me out and loudly threatened to fuck me up if he ever saw me again. But he sent me a text like 5 minutes apologizing and said he was just trying to earn some points with them by defending their honor, and that he actually (secretly) was on my side. I basically just rolled my eyes and told him to fuck off. I think that's pretty much it, I'm still shaking like a motherfucker but at least the worst part is over.

Update 9 (07/24); Well I got fired today, our boss was watching through the security footage from the other day and saw the coworkers approach Jeff in "a menacing manor" and he decided Jeff only dropped his complaint against me because they threatened him. He also suspended two of the guys involved and fired another. So I'm seriously considering just skipping town right about now.

Final update (07/27); It's been a couple days since my last update, and I don't know how many people will even see this but I'll do it anyway. I've decided to leave town, it's next to impossible to get a job here without connections, and I don't have many, and to make it worse, I was fired from my previous job. Not to mention I either hate or am hated by just about everybody here, and I could use some distance from my family. So I don't see much future in California for me. I'm going to tell my landlord the full story and show him the recording in hopes that he'll let me out of the lease. Even if he doesn't I'm willing to risk taking a ding to my credit (and Jeff's) and just leave anyway. An Xbox friend of mine lives in Texas and told me he'd help me get started if I choose to move to his town, but I'm not eager to blindly trust somebody I barely know (that's what started this shit in the first place). So do you guys have any good advice for me? I'm leaning toward Texas because it would be nice to have somebody to help me get started, but if you guys have a better place please share. A place with fairly low cost of living and plenty of job opportunities would be nice. Anywhere except Colorado or Minnesota.

Some people have asked for another update so here it is (08/05?): I have decided on Texas, my xbox friend has been helping me apply for jobs and look at apartments. I am still living with Jeff and we haven't had any more drama. We both basically pretend that the other one doesn't exist. Jenny actually sent me a text and apologized for her part in this, and I told her to go fuck herself. I've sort of made peace with my mother, but it' an uneasy kind of peace. And my old coworker that got fired for threatening Jeff helped me get an unofficial job moving furniture. They call me when they need help with a delivery or something, and pay me cash.  I considered showing the recording to my old boss to try to get my old job back but decided that I really don't want to work for somebody that jumps to conclusions based on circumstantial evidence regardless of the actual story. If I missed anything let me know and I'll elaborate.

Another quick update for you guys (08/12): I applied at a temp agency last week and they got me a part time job working nights. Tonight is my first night. I also got a job interview next week for a full time day job. If I get it I plan to work both and save up as rapidly as I can. After a month or two I'd be able to move to Texas with enough to have a safety net while I get set up there. Nothing new on the Jeff situation. I usually retreat to my room when he gets home and only come out for food. 

Yet another update (08/14): Things went well at the part time job and they will be keeping me on (they don't know I'm leaving). I went to make peace with my mom and basically told her we needed to agree to disagree before I left, because I probably won't be visiting for a very long time. After a while she actually told me she was considering packing up the family and coming to Texas with me. Nothing is concrete yet but it sounds like she was serious. So I might actually have my family to help me.

Another Update (08/17): Either next week or three weeks from now I'll be going to Texas to work out a place to live. After that I'll come back here, grab a U-Haul and start the process. My family is coming with me, so it will be a bit more complicated but I'm glad to have them. I'll be passing through Bakersfield (CA), Tuscon (AZ), Waco, Dallas, and Austin (TX). I'm still leaning toward Dallas but am open to any of those. If anybody has anything to say about those areas I'd appreciate it. 

Also, I have a football card collection that I'm going to sell if it's worth enough to make a difference. And my mother has a collection of foreign money/coins that she's willing to sell. Does anybody here have any advice on how to go about selling either of them?

Update to answer some common questions/accusations:

"OP is overreacting by moving to a new town just because of some drama"

 I'm not leaving town because of Jeff, I've wanted to leave California for a while now. Being fired just lit a fire under my ass. I wasn't going to seriously consider moving as long as I had a decent job. 

"OP should fuck/beat up Jeff"

I'm not going to take any sort of revenge, I don't want to invite any more problems into my life right now. I've been talking to another Redditor that I trust and with their help I've written a letter that I'll leave for him when I go. Basically it explains that his actions have severe consequences, and has an open to interpretation but vaguely suicidal ending. Then I'll create a new facebook and abandon my old one (he's still on my friends)

"What about the recording?"

I'm not going to do anything with the recording unless he decides to fuck with my life some more.

"Why not Colorado/Minnesota?" 

Because I fucking hate snow

"Have you decided where you're going?"

We've settled on Houston, will be leaving as soon as my mother gets her next paycheck. We'll just convoy up and hope to get into a house quickly. My temp agency has offices in Houston that will get me a job fairly quickly.

"OP show pics of Jenny/Jeff" 

I'm not going to provide any personal information on here, not mine nor anybody else's.

For all of you who gave me words of encouragement/advice; Thank you from the bottom of my heart. If I ever get rich, I'll give all of you puppies or something.

Ok people have been asking for another update, and I live to please: I am still in Cali, we're still going to Texas. We're going to put everything in storage except what we can fit in my car or mom's van, then just convoy up to Houston and find a place to live. We'll probably leave in two weeks. Nothing new on the Jeff front, I've only seen him a few times this last week. I still hide in my room every time he comes home. You can call it petty but I call it not tempting fate. I'll try to update when something happens. 

'Nother update for you guys: We've decided on San Antonio instead of Houston, and will be leaving on the 15th. I've been having kind of a moral dilemma about the goodbye, the note I've written to him might be a bit too far.  I'm trying to find the right combination of words to make him realize what he did was not right, and maybe prevent him from doing it in the future. 

Probably the last update before I move: We're still committed to San Antonio and will be leaving sometime next week, probably on Thursday. We've got a storage shed and have been moving all our shit into it this last week, and my sister's boyfriend has decided to come with us. So we've got another driver and more potential for income. My last day at the temp job is on sunday and I've gotten two different managers to write up letters of recommendation as well as about 6 references. So the odds of my landing a job have gone up significantly. Still haven't been able to sell my football cards so I'll probably just keep them. Also at the request of u/Doctor_Jagermeister I posted my letter to Jeff in the comments. [Here's the link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2bad5k/tifu_by_pretending_to_be_gay/ckg5vh6) I've said it before but I'll say it again;  It's been good having so many people offer up advice and support, I truly wish I could do something for all of you in return. To the people who've offered me a drink or a hug; if I pass through your respective town I'll hit you up! To everybody else; Thank you for being awesome!

Quick update for those still following this: We have not made it to San Antonio just yet. We've had delay after delay and things are not going very well so far. Car problems, money problems and too much road work. We are in Santa Rosa, New Mexico right now and have about 600 miles left to go. We should make it there tomorrow evening if things go smoothly, after that we'll try to get into a house but it will be difficult as we have less money than we expected to, but I'm trying to stay optimistic about everything. 

Another quick update: We went to see houses today with the most kind and benevolent realtor in the country. We are going to submit the application tomorrow and hopefully it won't take very long as staying in a hotel is draining our money at an alarming rate. I've applied for a few jobs and am going to a temp agency tomorrow to see if I can't get anything immediately. Jeff called yesterday and I didn't answer, he left a message crying and basically telling me how sorry he is. I doubt I'll be calling him back any time soon.

Final update: We got into a house, just got our internet turned on today. I'm still working on getting a job but things are looking up for us.

This post won fuck up of the year! I wasn't planning on doing an update but after winning this I feel compelled to do one. So here it is:
Life is pretty good for me now. I made it past the probationary period at my new job. It's probably the best job I've ever had, I love both the work and the co workers and my managers are fucking awesome. Nothing new from Jeff. My old landlord hasn't contacted me so I don't think I'm in trouble for breaking the lease. I think that pretty much sums it up. Thank you guys again for all the awesome shit you do, and I'm sorry if you sent me a PM that I never replied to, I still get too many to reply to without resorting to something generic like "thanks, you too".

TLDR: Pretended to be gay to help friend. Found out he wasn't pretending. He was pissed that I turned him down, destroyed my relationships and got me fired. I moved across the country. 