Before I begin I just want you to understand I'm not from the states I'm from germany, and currently attend Ohio state university. This is also a throw away cause I don't want it linked with my main anyway in America the culture shock is insane, and I picked up a lot on the dialect anyway. I met a very beautiful girl here, and we hit it off. We are practically dating, but not official yet. Anyway we were getting to know each other, and I mean really know each other she asked me everything from sex life, dating life, goals, aspirations, dreams hopes etc and throughout these questions she asked me one question that I didn't understand was too embarrassed to answer but did anyway. She asked me "Vanilla or Kinky" I did not understand what this meant it made no sense vanilla is an ice cream flavor, but kinky made it obvious it was a sexual question.. I just picked vanilla cause vanilla seemed less dirty. I knew she was sexually attracted to me to ask that so I just went with it.. in my head I thought vanilla was pouring vanilla on her and licking it off. After our conversation I decided to pick up vanilla ice cream.. cause I thought she wanted me to lick it off her. The next time we had sex I planned on pouring it on her and licking it off cause I thought that is what she was hinting at. Either way we met up in her dorm room, and we were getting into it, and I took out the ice cream from my bag (it melted a little), and poured a big scoop of it on her body and she goes "WHAT THE FUCK", and I'm hesistant a bit and she says "What are you even doing..." she was a little more calm now, and I explained the whole thing.. turns out that vanilla means regular.. for some fucking reason vanilla meant regular. I felt like a retard beyond belief... she laughed for a good 5 minutes, and went to take a shower and I'm sitting there thinking my god what the fuck is wrong with me....she was very cool about it though.. and we were still "together", but I will never live it down. I later skyped my family back home in germany, and my mom was dying of laughter, and my dad sat there with the stupidest look on his face.. and now I'm here typing this.

AutoModerator is threatening me so here is "TLDR"

TLDR: got asked vanilla or kinky, thought vanilla meant pouring vanilla on girl and licking it off. did as such, and humilated my self.

EDIT: its "THE!!!!!!! ohio state university" don't hang me.

EDIT2: Whoever gilded me thank you so much, but it's a throw away... 