I (22F) am a server at a restaurant. Last week we had lone male customer come in, and asked to be seated by the window (my area of serving) we immediately hit it off. He was older than me, had a sexy Scottish accent, hilariously witty and very out-going. I was thrilled when he left his number on the back of the bill. Fast forward one week: after a few small talk texts we decided to meet up, and agree at 3:00pm at the city fountain, right downtown in a busy area. I arrive a few minutes early, and decide to sit in the shade of a nearby statue and wait. Within seconds an older, relativley handsome guy wearing sunglasses approaches me. "Hey, it's great to see you!"
I smile and greet him, and he immediatley lunges into some big 5 minute long story about a fender bender he got into on his way driving to meet me, and apologized profusseley for being late. By this point I could clearly tell he didn't have a Scottish accent. "You don't have nearly as much of an accent that I thought you did, am I crazy?", he laughed and gave me a weird look, agreeing how I must be crazy because he has never had an accent. We continue walking slowly on the downtown strip, making more small talk. By this point I had a feeling something was off.. I could've sworn the accent was the main reason I had been drawn to him in the first place. When he asks me how to produce my name, as the "O with the dots" is relativley uncommon in our country. I say my name (which has the letter O not Ö) and he is immediatley giving me a weird look. We stop in the middle of the pathway surrounded by people walking. He takes off his sunglasses, revealing an unfamiliar face. You're not Ben are you?" I ask awkwardly, to which he shakes his head. We both burst out in laughter, realizing we clearly fucked up. "I'm supposed to be meeting a girl I've met online, down bedside that statue at 2:30! She's a redhead but I haven't a picture of her face!" We speed walk back to the fountain, both almost in tears due to the hilariously embarrassing moment that we found ourselves in. We part ways just before the fountain, and i see my REAL date sitting reading a book. Didnt mention the ridiculous event that happened moments before, and had a terrific date. 

TL;DR  Went on a first date, ended up being the wrong date, found my real date eventually.