This happened in the last 24 hours. Will provide proof below. 

So I just moved to a new area, and I'm pretty active in the online dating scene. I have an account on several different websites, because why the fuck not. 

About five days ago, I start talking to this girl, who we'll call Heather. I'm 24 and she's 24. Perfectly normal type of thing. We've been texting for the last couple of days, things seem to be going well, and we were planning on getting lunch at some point in this upcoming week. 

I'm looking for a relationship, and Heather seems to be as well, so we're on the same page about our intentions. However, I will sometimes browse the older women (anywhere from mid 30s to upper 40s) on the website, and if I'm intrigued enough, I'll send them a message. 

Well, last night, I was browsing through older women and ended up finding a few that caught my eye, so I send them a message which basically reads "Hey! This is random, but I thought you were cute. I know I'm out of your age range but do you have any interest in hanging out with a younger guy?"

One of these women, Jane, sends me a message back that reads "I'm flattered, but you're as old as my daughter. Perhaps I should introduce you two."

"Oh," I thought. "That's nice, but a little strange."

Still, I didn't think much of it. 

I hadn't heard from Heather since yesterday evening, so I sent her a text several hours ago asking how her day was going. 

[Here was her response](http://i.imgur.com/tHHtdxP.png?2)

I guess Heather and I aren't getting lunch afterall.

TLDR: I was hit by a ricochet bullet while trying to poach cougar. 

Edit: caught a few misspellings 

Edit 2: For those saying I'm a douche bag for talking to other women...I hadn't even met this girl yet and had only been texting her since like Thursday. You all need to relax.

Edit 3: A few more details. I talked to both on different websites. So it was super unexpected. I also live in a major city so the odds of this happening are extremely minuscule.

And no, I'm not posting a picture of the two. 