This actually happened last night.

For those of you unfamiliar with the game ["Seaman"](http://caution-seaman.wikia.com/wiki/Caution_Seaman_Wiki), it's a trippy virtual-pet game for the Sega Dreamcast, in which you raise small talking fishes into two wise-ass Frogmen. The little dude asks you questions about your personal life and you respond to him via an attached microphone. He remembers the details and mentions them in future conversations. You have to play it once a day or he dies and you have to start from the beginning.

Anyway, I had just met this really cool but shy redheaded girl last weekend and we hit it off.  She shares my love of video games, and is actually really good at them. She's also gorgeous, which is a plus. I asked if she wanted to come to the house and meet my roommates and hang out. She showed up and we smoked a little weed. Being baked, I decided it would be a good idea to play some video games. 

I just remembered that I haven't fed the Seamen yet, so I asked her if she wanted to see one of the weirdest games ever made. She said yes, so I powered it on and fed the two Frogmen. What happened next left me aghast.

I told her, "Watch this," and then turned on the mic and said, "Hey, what's up Seaman?"

The Frogman replied, *"Hello, it's good to see you home tonight instead of out on a weekday. A few days ago, I asked you if you had someone special in your life, and you told me you didn't. So tell me, do you now have a special lady-friend in your life?"*

This question came outta nowhere and caught me off guard. The girl's face was beet red.

"Uh, Yeah?," I responded.

*"So you DO have a lady friend. So let me ask you, is she the ONE?"*

"I-I don't know," I replied. "I just met her." I don't think the answer registered with Frogman.

*"C'mon, just answer the question. Let me ask you again, is she the one?"*

"I don't know."

Frogman, with a shitty look on his face, said, *"You know, you really shouldn't stay with someone just because it's convenient, because then you're wasting your time. Alright, I'm all talked out for today."* He then hopped off.

She looked pretty creeped out by this point. I said, "So yeah, I told you it was a weird game."

**TLDR: Talking virtual frog totally killed the mood.**

***
UPDATE: Wow, didn't expect this kind of response! Also, thanks for popping my Reddit-Gold cherry, internet stranger! Since so many have asked, I'm still talking to the girl, who saw this post and thought it was pretty funny. She also wants to play the game now, so maybe I can show her my Seamen again.

Many have doubted the authenticity of this fuck-up, and have even doubted the existence of such an old game with such an advanced AI. The "AI" is not advanced, and just gives long-winded answers to simple commands. About 90% of the shit Seaman asks you are Yes/No questions. A user mentioned they had found the [question that I was asked by Frogman.](https://youtu.be/UPL081VjZOc?list=PLcUDAtodzSbEAaj1vZXEXD_si0qUHwCM2&amp;t=202) He gives a different response in this scenario, since the player states he is still single. I decided to read a FAQ about this game to find the exact dialog and this question apparently leads into a conversation in which Seaman asks to be set free to find his "true love," which means I can finally wash my hands of this slimy douchebag frog. 

Many have asked how to play this game. It's only on Dreamcast. I think the only emulator that supports the microphone is Reicast, which still can't run Seaman as far as I know.

