Hello Redditors!

Well this story didn't happen today, not yesterday, but it happened about 8 years ago.

Just to give you a little background about me. My name is Dylan, I'm 22 years old and I live on the beautiful Island of Malta. I would also like to apologize on behalf of my Vocabulary, Punctuation, Spelling Mistakes &amp; Structure Formation. This is my first time writing on Reddit. Hell this is my first time in a long time since I practiced writing, but enough about me and lets get into the story. 

I was 14 at the time and my parents were invited to attend a wedding. I had just started to earn the trust of my parents. It was a very rare occasion to be left alone at home. I mean, my parents had it coming right? So without any hesitation I decided to throw a house party.

Called up my best friend Brian and told him everything I had been planning. I continued to invite 4 other close friends of mine, - Bogart, Charlie, Tom &amp; Eric.

We were all too much excited about this party. We had started preparing from weeks before. You see, we had never been to a house party, let alone host one. The day had arrived. Brian and I started doing preparations for the party. We went to a local bar and bought a pack of pint plastic glasses, Orange and Pineapple juice, 3 packs of cigarettes, some snacks and a 75 cl bottle of J&amp;B and a 75 cl bottle of Smirnoff Vodka (At that time the drinking age was 16 years old. No one asks for I.D. here in Malta, no one gives a fuck really). Now, keep in mind that none of us had ever really drank alcohol before, apart from the occasional beer that we used to split between god knows how many people and a few sips of cheap cooking wine. 

Brian, Bogart and I are neighbors. We literally live a few seconds from each other. Charlie, Tom &amp; Eric lived about 20 mins from my village, so they had their parents dropping them off at my house. We all agreed to tell our parents that we would be meeting at my house and that we were going to watch a movie at a cinema, which is about a 30 minute walk from my home.

The clock struck 8 p.m. and my parents were gone!

My friends started arriving one by one. I put on an MP3 CD I burnt into my Hi-Fi stereo, it was some 8-bit music, played by Henry Homesweet if I remember correctly. I remember it was bad-ass at that time because it resembled something out of my Gameboy's music. I started pouring about a quarter Vodka in each glass, mixing it with Orange or Pineapple juice. We toasted the drinks and I yelled "The last one to down this glass is gay!". Now, looking back, iv'e gotta say Bogart really took that to heart. He downed that pint of Vodka in mere seconds, with everyone following afterwards. Big surprise, I downed it last. I still get nauseous by that horrible taste of Vodka.

Straight away we started to get drunk. One glass would of made that night epic for all the right reasons, not for the wrong ones. We chatted a bit, laughed and pulled some pranks on each other, whilst sipping on another pint of Vodka Pineapple. We proceeded to take the party to my parent's room (I don't know why). Grabbed a pack of playing cards, started shuffling them and we started playing poker. Well, some card game that resembled poker at least. This is when shit stared hitting the fan. We had almost finished the Vodka bottle, only a couple of shots left, so to make things interesting, anyone who lost a hand had to take a shot of Vodka mixed with J&amp;B Whiskey (Kids, Don't). Worst. Idea. Ever. We were all pretty drunk already. Bogart got a really unlucky streak. He lost hand after hand after hand. Oh my god I swear, iv'e never seen anyone drink as much as he did in the space of 10 minutes.

All pandemonium started breaking loose in my parents room. Charlie spilled a whole bottle of orange juice on to my parents bed sheets, Brian and Tom laughing their asses off, Eric was running through my parents drawers, I was too drunk to give a fuck and Bogart was hopping on my parents bed like a 6 year old. All of a sudden we hear a big strange bang. Bogart miss timed a jump and ended up landing on the back of his head on the wooden drawers. He was just out of it. Don't think he remembers anything from that point on.

We really didn't know what had just happened, we didn't see him hit the back of his head, we just saw him on the floor dazed. He started slurring his words. "He's just really drunk" we said and continued with the party.

My parents had a secret stash of porn in their room and I started showing them to everyone. Someone had the most brilliant idea of putting a porno in the DVD player for Bogart to watch so he can start to sober up. I gave him a roll of toilet paper, put in the DVD and left him alone.

It had started to get late. We already had been drinking for about 2 hours or so, so we stopped drinking since some parents were going to pick some of my friends up in an hour or so. We smoked a couple of cigarettes and I decided to go check on Bogart as he had been there for 15 mins or so. In fact, he was so quiet that we had totally forgot about him. As soon as I opened up the door I hear a loud smack. His head was standing in front of the door's path. The door vibrated with the ripple effect. He was unconscious. He couldn't talk, he couldn't walk. He was out of it. He was passed out like it was New Years Eve in 1919. A couple of seconds later, Charlie opens the door while Bogart was still laying on the floor. BANG, the door hit him square on his head again with a bigger impact then the one before.

At that point, seeing the state he was in, lying on the floor naked, drooling out of his mouth, jizz on his torso.. We sobered up just by looking at him. It stated hitting me. It was getting late and he was still unconscious. What are we going to do?

So we carefully picked him up, which proved to be quite the challenge, we put him in the tub and started washing him with cold water just to try to wake him up. Reality was starting to hit hard. We started panicking. He wasn't waking up, he just laid in tub motionless. Eric started smacking him in the face, whilst letting his head hit the tub every time he slapped him. When all of a sudden, he opened his eyes and stood upright in the tub. We were jubilant. We started clapping, patting each other on the back, we even started chanting his name. The look on his face wasn't quite just right though. About 10 seconds after... He threw up on his bushy penis. Closed his eyes and went unconscious again whilst hitting his head on the tub again as he leaned back.

About 5 minutes passed and Bogart's phone stated ringing. It was his Mum.

Some useful background on his Mum. We were all scared shitless of Bogart's mum. I really don't know her that well to say anything bad about her, i'm sure anything she did she had her reasons for it, but I had seen a younger Bogart get a couple of the loudest yells iv'e ever heard and quick beatings from her when he wasn't behaving. Let me put it this way. She burnt all of his Pokemon Trading Cards when we were younger just because she heard someone say that they were the Devil's Playing Cards. He had a 1st Edition Charizard. She was mad in my books.


So, Bogart's phone started ringing and we were in panic. What are we going to do? What are we going to say? I gave the phone to Tom and told him to stick to the story. Tell her we were at the cinema. This is how it went.

Tom picks up phone - "Hello?"
Bogart's Mum - "Bogart? Can I speak to Bogart please"
Tom - "Well, Bogart can't talk to you at the moment. We were at the cinema watching a movie. During the intermission (Yes, we have intermissions in the middle of a movie in Malta) he told us that he was going to buy a coke and some snacks. He said he would be right back. The movie finished and Bogart never came back to his seat. We went looking around for him until we found him laying next to a garbage skip, unconscious. Now we're at Dylan's house. 
Bogart's Mum - *Bleep Bleep Bleep*. She hung up.

We just kept staring at Tom. His improvisation just made this whole ordeal worse.

All shit started breaking loose. In a space of a minute, we hid all of the evidence. The alcohol, the cigarettes, cups. We washed Bogart, no one wanted anything to do with his now hurly bushy penis, so we left that as that. We picked Bogart up off from the tub and dressed him up. Charlie and Eric bailed out. They said each of their parent's had arrived (Simultaneously), but we all know you guys were scared shitless!

To this day, I haven't seen a more dramatic scene then what was about to occur. Much more drama then a Martin Scorsese movie.

We hear four loud knocks on the door. The door never had received such a banging. I went to open the door, whilst diarrhea oozing out of my shorts. As soon as I opened, She rushed in yelling "WHERE IS BOGART??". She ran through the house. Found him in the bathroom just unconscious as he will ever be. She grabbed him by his shirt and lifted him up against the wall like it was nothing. "WHAT DID YOU DO??" *Slap in the face* "WHAT DID YOU TAKE?" *Harder slap in the face*. "WHAT DID HE DO? WHERE DID YOU FIND HIM??" We kept sticking to our stories and told her what Tom had already said to her. She dragged Bogart through the corridor, put him right next to the door, when Bogart's father arrived.

The man was inflamed. His face all red, gnashing his teeth together. What a sight that was. One handed, he grabbed him by his shirt, pulled him up, he didn't need a wall to support his dead weight, and started smacking him all over the face.

Bogart's Dad in a devilish tone - "WHAAAAT DID YOUU DOOOO??"
"ANSWEEEEEEEEEEER MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
Bogart's Mum - "NOOO DON'T HURT HIM!!" (She had already slapped a tooth away)

After some more yelling, his dad picked him up and lifted him on to his shoulder, opened the door and his had rattled on the side of the solid wood door. All in total, he hit his head five times, not to mention all the slapping on his face. I thought to myself that it was finally over. Once again I was sadly mistaken.

Brian, Tom and I started to clean up the house. We went and threw all of the alcohol, cups, juices &amp; cigarettes in a field a few minutes away from my house. Bogart left his wallet and phone behind so we went to give Bogart's parents his stuff back, only to be greeted by blue flashing lights. Bogart was getting stretchered into an ambulance and that is when we all realized that his condition could be worse then we had thought. It was really a heartbreaking site. Neighbors gathering outside, His mum crying her eyes out and his dad is still in shock. Brian went to give them his stuff back. They gave us this horrible stare like they were saying this is all your fault. Suddenly, I was struck with this immeasurable amount of guilt.

Tom decided to sleep over at Brian's house and I went back to my house to finish cleaning up and get some sleep. It was about 1 am and my parents still haven't arrived back home yet. I was in bed but my thoughts warn't allowing me to sleep. I felt like my mind was going crazy from all the guilt and worry I was feeling at the moment. I hear the telephone ringing. I picked it up and it was the doctor examining Bogart at the hospital. He told me to explain in detail what had happened. He obviously didn't buy it. He told me it would be near impossible to lift Bogart for that distance. He knew what he was talking about because we found it hard to lift him from the tub, let alone lift him for a 30 minute walk from the cinema to my house. Still, I kept to the story and he ended hanging up on me.

It was getting late and I managed to fall asleep, barely. Even in my dreams all I saw was guilt. I woke up at about 8 am and I find my mother in the hall way. The first thing she said was what is this smell of alcohol in the house? I couldn't keep it in. I told everything that had happened the night before. Better to tell her myself then to be told by someone else. My mum got all hysterical on my ass. Very dramatic woman my mum. Even remembering back I get agitated. My dad got woken up by my mum shouting at me. He seemed quite disappointed at me for not keeping my word about being left alone for a night. He seemed more disappointed by the fact that we woke him up at 8 am on a Sunday though.  
 
Being born as a Christian, I hadn't went to church in a few years. I called up Brian and told him to meet me outside so that we can go to Sunday mass. At that time I thought that maybe going to church would help in relieving me of this guilt I was still carrying.
Desperately, I pull a 5 euro note from my broke-ass 14 year old pocket and put it in the collection plate to make things right with God again. Haha.

Just about as the mass was finishing, I get a call from my Dad to meet up with him for a second. I got into the car and he explained to me that this stuff happens when you're young. That I needed to learn from my mistakes and not repeat them. To not feel so shitty about my self for what happened to Bogart. That he should of never drank that much in the first place. He told me "Sounds to me you guys had a pretty solid night". From that moment, I was relieved of all my guilt. I had never been treated like that from my father. He realized that I was growing up and that he couldn't treat me as if I was a child anymore. From that point on, I had a different relationship with my dad, quite different from the earlier 14 years.

As for Bogart, well.. I was told that he ended up in the hospital with a Grade 3 concussion, Alcohol Intoxication and a tube coming out of his mouth and penis. In the end, he recovered safely within a day. Brian got his internet connection disconnected as a request by Bogart's mum. She said Brian was a bad influence on Bogart and she didn't want him to communicate with him anymore. His dad plugged in the internet connection back again after 2 hours. Everyone else received a call from Bogart's mother, telling everyone's parents what had happened the night before. I ended up getting away scott free cos I had already spilled my guts out. 



Hope I didn't bore you with this long story for whom ever managed to read all of this.

TL;DR: Threw a house party.  5-7 shots of Vodka mixed with J&amp;B,  Underage guest gets fucked up, penis vomit &amp; concussions, ambulances &amp; hospitals and a penis tube. 

Edit - WOW. WE MADE IT TO THE FRONT PAGE GUYS WITH 2500+ UPVOTES !!! I would of never have imagined such a huge feedback. I love you all guys. For the positive comments, the negative ones and those that are just plain weird. THANK YOU!!! Some of you really lifted me up today. Because of you guys, I now know that MAYBE I stumbled on a talent that I had gave up on. I'm my biggest critique and I don't belief in myself enough to have that role. I can't stress enough how much this feedback means to me. It truly makes me jubilant inside knowing that I made someone laugh today. But also try to learn from my mistakes so you wouldn't have to be in the same situation yourself. Things could of ended much, much worse.

Looks like I fucked up a bit. Forgot to mention that all names used in the story were all fictional due to keep all people involved in the story anonymous. Sorry if I misled anyone. I know how you all love Bogart's name. I picked Bogart just because I thought it would stand out.. and it did.

For all the haters, this story is 100% real. I wish that I was capable of writing a fiction story great as this.

A huge surge of comments are coming in. I can't keep up. I will reply to many of them when I get the chance.

I will be posting other crazy shit that happened to me on /r/tifu. So till next time Redditors!

Lets hear it one more time for Bogart!

Edit - THANK YOU WHO EVER GAVE ME REDDIT GOLD. Really appreciate it!!! 

