This happened only a few short hours ago. Being a teenager, I had all of my communications with the outside world removed. I'm at a friends house supposedly doing homework but I just had to get this fuck up out there. 

We're coming up to the end of the school year. In just a few short weeks, I'll be graduated from high school. Leave it to me, however, to find the best way to get into the most possible trouble. My friend and I always hang out. We've been best friends since I moved here last year. He has his license and I do not. Just got my learners driving permit here in canada so I'm still a year away from driving. But would that stop me from getting my own vehicle and traveling the roads?

No, and this is why I'm a fucking idiot. 

It was late night on Monday. No finals for the whole week, just free time to do whatever the hell I wanted. So I call up buddy, comes and picks me up and we go driving around. As we're driving, I mention to him I'm thinkin about trying to get a vehicle to boot around in. He thinks this is a great idea, but being that we're kids with no much money and my mom would likely go Luka Magnotta on a bitch, we weren't sure how we would do it. Than, *click* I have an xbox. Maybe someone would trade their shitty old truck for my xbox 360?

So we go back to my place, type up the ad, post it and wait. Not even 12 hours had gone by before I got a reply. An old guy wanted to trade is 1997 ford astrostar van for the Xbox. Fuckin sick!! So Tuesday night, buddy and I go to meet up with the van man. There it is in all it's glory. Burgundy red, square, no back seats, no middle seats, just a driver seat and a passenger seat. It ran. It drove. Like a dream! Only 123,000 kms on the thing!! No need to see anymore of this, I'm in. He takes the xbox. Gives me the keys to the van and away we go. 

For the next week days, i drove that thing around. Loud and proud. We managed to find a license plate that someone must have thrown away or stolen so we used that as the plate for the van. Yup, were idiots. On Wednesday night, we went to the Salvation Army where people typically take all the shit they don't want anymore and dump it there. There was a couch, probably 113.5 years old and when we saw it, we knew we had to have it. We threw it in the back. We now had our own party bus, equiped with old ass couches made of dust. But it was missing something. It needs exhaust. 

And that's what led to the fateful Thursday night. Buddy came over, with a hack saw. We caught the exhaust off and my god. The sound. So loud. So proud. So wonderful. We took er out for a test drive around the block once we chopped it. As we were driving, I decided I needed to turn around to go to the store we just passed. So I made a turn and headed there. However there was a car behind me now, not far. I panic. Maybe it's a cop. So I turn left. He turns. I turn right. He follows. I make a left into a cul-de-sac. He drives passed. Buddy and I quickly throw it in park, get out and start to walk. Not even 2 seconds after we got our and closed the doors, the car came back around the corner. It was a cop. He got out of his car and asked who drove the van. I told him it was me. He looked up the license plate as we stood there. He gets out of his car, walks to me, tells me to out my hands behind my back and they arrest me. 

Turns out, the license plate we used had been stolen off another vehicle and was being used by bank robbers as a false plate on their car. They had thrown this one away and stolen another one and we happened to be the idiots to find it. And use it. 

So the best part of it all is the shameless walk home for buddy. Since he did nothing wrong, the cop told him to leave. Basically just grabbed whatever he had in the van and started walking home. Just the thought of some 6'4" blonde haired giant walking down the road with a hacksaw...it was awesome. 

So here I am. 3000$ in tickets, mom is possibly mulling over the idea of murdering me, buddy walking down the street with a saw and an 80% chance of never driving till I'm old enough to use my brain. Hopefully keep everyone updated. 

TL;DR: I'm the reason people are worried about the next generation of adults. 

EDIT: apparently people want proof. http://imgur.com/9q4xOE7

Im wearing a winter jacket and pants because that fuckin thing is grrrrrrrrrreaasy