TIFU by tipping my Starbucks barista. 

I ordered my drink,  and looked in my wallet for a cash tip.  I had one $10 bill and one $1 bill.  I accidentally grabbed both and put them in the tip box.  I immediately said "oops! My bad!" and took the $10 out. 

Another customer in line saw this and accused me of stealing the $10 out of the tip jar.  I didn't hear him and walked off to go look at clothes with my daughter (the Starbucks is inside a Macys). 

Suddenly I had 3-4 customers yelling at me,  accusing me of taking the money.  An employee came out from behind the counter and confronted me about stealing it. I said no,  it was a mistake.  I put two bills in on accident.  She said okay and walked away.  

Every single customer was now staring at me as I stood there waiting for my drink to be made. One woman was staring and staring and staring and wouldn't stop.  I finally said "Why are you staring at me? Do you honestly think I would steal out of a tip jar?"  she gave me a nasty attitude and the other customers started cursing at me.  Then the baristas all started talking trash about me. 

I started crying, saying I didn't take it out. 

I finally put the $10 back in the tip jar and yelled "THERE.  IS EVERYONE HAPPY NOW" and left. 

As someone with severe social anxiety and panic attacks based on exact situations like this, this was my worst nightmare. I'm never leaving my house again.

**EDIT** I can't thank everyone enough for the overwhelming support that I've gotten over the past 22 hours. I've never had Reddit Gold so I'm pretty sure this is the best day of my life. Definitely of 2015 (unfortunately I'm about to lose my mother to Alzheimers, so right now my anxiety level is at a 10 and 2015 has been honestly the worst year of my life). I have contacted corporate and waiting to hear back. Through your support I did get out of the house today (although I went to a completely different mall in another town) and didn't have a panic attack. Again I am thankful for every comment and message that I've received. I've never felt more support and love like this before and it's bringing me to tears so I'm gonna end this now. :')