Technically it was last night, but it crossed over into this morning so it counts. And it's not some humblebrag "I got laid but then x happened." I'm actually can't recall ever having felt this worthless in my life.

She drove, we chatted, I made my interest apparent. She seemed to reciprocate. As the night went on and the liquid courage started loosening everybody up, she started getting kinda flirty and feely with a lot of people. Should have been my red flag to get the hell out. Nope.

We ended up at another house with two guys who we had been hanging out with at the party. Me and guy #2 played FIFA while she sat on the couch with guy #1. They ended up making out. I figured they were going to have sex and I would just have to live with it because she was my ride home.

Guy #1 gets up and taps guy #2 on the shoulder, and whispers something into his ear. Guy #2 sets his controller down, tells me "it's all you dude." She's on the couch cheesing, and the three of them all head down the hall into the same bedroom. I was still in denial until I heard the bed shaking and her squealing. I sat numb for maybe five minutes before going outside and smoking cigarettes until they made me sick. Tried to go back inside and lay down, but I made it maybe five minutes before I decided I had to go home. It was about a two hour walk. I'm pretty sure I'm not leaving my bed today.

tl;dr - Got to hear my crush banging two guys at once and had to walk home.

edit - To the people who keep calling her "whore," "slut," "bitch," etc, I don't agree with you and you're really not helping anything at all.

edit 2 - She keeps trying to call me. I really see no benefit to anyone in answering.

edit 3 - There is just no way I'm going to be able to keep up with all these replies. I'm going to call her and add an edit here later.

edit 4 - I'm familiar with the red pill and I won't be joining them, so you can save those suggestions.

edit 5 - TIFU by calling my (former) crush back the night after having heard her bang two dudes in the other room. Claimed she wanted me in there too. So I asked the obvious question, and she says she was drunk and it didn't work out the way she intended. Decided to just go with it when I didn't get involved. Passed out when it was over. Was worried about me, never meant to hurt me, bla bla bla. It helped nothing at all, as I don't really know what I can believe and what I can't.

I've seen a few suggestions implying that it may have been rape or that I should have tried to "save" her. The fact is that she practically led *them* down the hall, she was visibly damn happy, and sexual pleasure has a pretty distinct fucking sound. I wasn't going to sit around and listen for it to go south, nor was I going to burst in to what was pretty clearly a consensual sexual encounter that I didn't believe myself to be welcome in just to make sure everything was okay. If you guys want to start barging into the room anytime you hear people fucking at parties, be my guest. I'm not doing that though.

Whatever. Fuck this noise. Told her I don't hate her but I don't think we should talk anytime soon. Apparently now I have a party to get to tonight. You guys are certainly free to keep bitching about what a "whore" she is if that's what you want to do though.

edit 6 - I'm reading all your replies, but sadly, it's just impossible for me to reply to everyone. You guys are great though. Thanks for being awesome, reddit.