This actually happened over the weekend.

The drywall behind the tiles in my bathtub rotted out, the tiles fell off into the tub and broke. As I am a single father (engaged but she's not really a "step mother" my sons are older, 17 and 18), I'm super busy all the time. It has taken forever to find time to schedule a guy to come out and patch up this hole. 

Finally, I get a guy to come out last Friday afternoon. He starts to get to work and has to pause to run out to his truck to get another tool or whatever he needed and came back, had it all patched up within half an hour.

A few hours later, my fiancee tells me she needs to go to the emergency room. She has had bronchitis for damn near a week and was afraid it had progressed to pneumonia. We go to the ER, they get her a chest x-ray some breathing treatments and a prescription for antibiotics. We get home around 3:30 am.

I get my fiancee into bed, then nature called and I head to the bathroom.

I hear my cat crying. He's a big maine coon and the biggest baby ever. He sounds like a baby kitten when he meows, and I hear him crying his little kitty eyeballs out.

I figure the big dumbass a has gotten himself locked in a cabinet - again -have I mentioned he's a big dummy? So I'm frantically checking all the cabinets in the bathroom, the kitchen, under the kitchen sink and he's nowhere. His crying is getting more and more pathetic.

That's when I realized the crying was coming from inside the wall. The best I can figure, this dumb little shit had crawled inside the hole in the wall while the contractor was outside and remained in there hiding somewhere while the guy did his work.

So, here I am at 4 am with a cat stuck inside the wall meowing in the most heartbreaking and pathetic way he possibly can.

The only choice I had was to take a hammer to my freshly patched up tile wall in the bathtub and break him out.

Pictures of the little shit here:

[Pulling the big dummy out of the wall.](http://i.imgur.com/yK3Qt14.jpg)

[He's out!](http://i.imgur.com/1V4M8zc.jpg)

[Guess I'd be agitated too if I had been stuck in the wall for damn near 12 hours.](http://i.imgur.com/U63O6kK.jpg)

