So last night I am in charge of doing my 5 year old girl's bed time while mum takes baby to sleep. While picking a bed time story I go through the pile of recently acquired library books and see one titled "Ghost Hunters and the incredibly revolting ghost". It looked a bit above her pay grade and I question who picked it out and if she thought it might be a bit too scary for her.  
She says no and being a bit hyped up from the weekend and feeling playful she declares that it might be a bit scary for me and comes up with a game on the spot: a scare test. She turns out the light and pounces on me. Now I should mention we have black out blinds and with the light off the room is completely dark.  
What follows is 5 minutes of us turning out the lights and trying to "scare" each other i the dark: throwing fluffy toys, sneaking up behind, "monster" drool, wet willies. After a while of gentle escalation I figure its time to end this and get to bed.  
On my turn I go silent. After 10s  
"daddy?"  
*Silence*  
"d..d.daddy??"  
*Silence*  
"where are you!!?"  
*Silence (oh this is good!)*  
"DAD!!?"  
*Silence (yeah I'm in the zone)*  
Footsteps towards the lightswitch  
*Wait for it, oh I'm so going to win this. Kneel down so I'm at head level, wait for it, wait for it, ok she's right in front of me, lets do it!*  
Lights on: "RAAAAAGHHHHAAAHHHH!"  
"Aieeeee!"   
*thhhppbbbb*  

So yeah bedtime was delayed for a wardrobe change.  
She's probably not going to trust me for a while  
and as a bonus we woke the baby too....  
  

-------------------------------------------------
Update (and edit for an apostrophe which apparently is really important):  
For anyone 'worried' about any psychological scarring.    
I was 'surprised' today by my girl jumping out from under the dining table when I got home from work today. Apparently she wanted to get me back and hid under the table. Being that she had decided that quite a while before I got home she'd turned under the table into some kind of den with books, pillows, and snacks. So everyone is laughing and no-one was harmed.   
  
For anyone asking about my wife's response.  
Luckily she was pre-occuppied with resettling the baby and fell asleep doing so and thus didn't hear the details till the day after where upon it was established that no harm was done and thus I didn't need to be castrated or otherwise mutilated.  


 