I'm a 21 year old girl. I'm also a student. I like the colour blue and rabbits for their long ears. I am a quiet person and i tend to be socially awkward and constipated. I live in a student housing building where i have my own tiny room. I share the kitchen and the bathroom with another girl i'm mostly friends with. This girl, lets abbreviate her as A, sometimes takes me to parties and other activities with her friends. She often tells me only hours before which can cause colissions with my schedule. 

I was very constipated and I had not pooped for four days. In order to to solve this situation, i bought a pack of D....lax, which, according to the instructions, should start working 6 hours after beeing taken. My belly was bloated and as i considered the problem to be severe, I took three pills at about 4 pm. When i came home at 7 pm, my roommate offered to take me with her in an hour. 1 had never taken a laxative before, i used to take only dried plums, prune juice, psyllium husk, soda or sugar-free food wich would usually restore the normal order within a day. I thought that the contents of my bowels would just move down faster and remain at their solid consistency. I expected to feel the urge to go after 6 hours and i thought that i would either be able to stay after a visit to the bathroom or that i could easily make it home. When i went to the bathroom before we departed, i did not feel the urge to poop despite trying. I had no reason the expect the events that were to come. 

The party took place in a neighbouring block of flats. About thirty people attended and it was fairly crowded. I generally enjoyed it, but remained in a quiet corner and did not drink. My misery begann at about 9 pm. At first it was just a little cramp and i just thought that my period was about to start early. Five minutes later it was as if something was moving inside my belly. It could feel the right side becoming lighter while something was flowing to the left side. I still did not feel any pressure. There was just this tense feeling and my lower bottom started to get somewhat warm. It remotely felt as if i was getting horny, but i had just been looking at a bottle on a desk for the last minutes. Then suddenly, a diffuse feeling of something pushing against my rectum became urgent. I stood up and made my way towards the bathroom, but this just increased the pressure. Upon reaching the bathroom, i soon found it to be not useable: On completely drunk guy was sitting on the toilet with his pants down and someone was laying on the floor and in the shower. I was not drunk, I had decency, so abusing the sink was out of question. As is rushed out of the bathroom, i came to the realisation, that I only had few minutes to find a place to relieve myself. I rushed out of the flat and began to search for something. There were no secluded corners or cabinets. Then i noticed that that block had the same layout as our block and that our block had escape stairs from the floors. After a short run, i reached the door to the stairs, that is hidden behind a corner. It was just a short run away, but i was not sure that i was going to get there in time. When i tried to open the door, it wouldn't. After a few seconds of shock, i realised, that i was pushing instead of pulling. Once i got out, i contemplated my action. The platform has a floor that is esentially a metall grate. The stairs down were blocked by a door that only opens downwards. If i went down there, i would not get back up again. I also would have not be able to get back inside, as the door to into the building could only be opened from the inside. I could have gone onto the stairs upwards, but i was afraid that someone could see me there.

My butt was hurting badly. The pain was similar to a muscle, that is strained after lifting something heavy. The pain was stronger than my desire to find the least problematic place. I lowered my pants and went into a squatting position. It was a quiet, slightly rainy night. I could faintly hear the music from the flat i had just run out of. From my position on the sixth floor, i could overlook the area. Noone was there.  I just stopped holding it in and the thought of the relief that was to come was only disturbed by the smell of cigarette smoke. It was as if my butt was forced open by a garden hose that was hidden inside it. There was a continuous and heavy flow for at least ten seconds. There were a few tiny solid pieces that caused pain as they hit my butthole while exiting. I was shaking so much that when i began to pee it would not even flow continuously. Although i was not completely empty, and a burning feeling arose in that region, I felt light again and my bloated belly was turning into its graceful, skinny figure again. Suddenly, there was a voice: „Did the gutter tear or something?“. A second voice, apparently a girl, added „My neck is wet“. I realized that i was caught. I put my hands on my stomache to increase the pressure to finish as soon as possible when a voice down there said „Someone is up there“. A flashlight flashed up from below, i was scared and then the second wave came out of me. Below me, a scream rose through the night: „Shit, thats shit“. „He's shitting on us“ - „No dude, do you see that? That's a girl“.  I  quickly wiped with a tissue that i already had at my hands. The flashlight from the platform on the floor below me was still lighting up. They could see enough to make a rude comment about my labia. I put another tissue over my butthole like a pad, put on my pants again and rushed back inside.

The flat was only a few doors away. I had left the door open, so i  left myself back inside. I had only been gone for a few minutes and as i knew only few people, noone seemed to have noticed that i was gone. I was planning on leaving, as i was not feeling well. I went to pick up my cardigan that i had left at the place i had been sitting at. When i was about to get out. Someone was yelling outside and knocking at the door. I rushed back as far as possible.  Someone had opened the door. The person that opened the door started screaming against the people yelling from outside. Alarmed from the screams, the people from inside the flat rushed to the door. The situation turned into chaos. Standing outside were the people i had just pooped on. As everyone who is screaming gibberish while beeing covered in poop, they presumed to be crazed and their attempts to come in were fended off with a broom. Within seconds, the whole floor showed up. The situation did not calm down, the people outside were looking for the person that did this. I did not see them, but i heard people saying that the were covered in feces. I went onto the balcony, when someone from the neighboruing flat went into their balcony and started yelling down for help. This attracted further audience from outside. The people outside could be convinced to return to their flat. I used the first opportunity to escape. Many people were rushing up the stairs to see the outraging situation and despite looking very normal, i expected any of them to identify me as the culprit.

When i returned to my flat, i cleaned myself up and pooped some more. My roommate returned two hours later, she showed me some photos she had made of the poor people below me. I had completely hit them – two guys and one girl. I went to bed shortly afterwards. Rumors about the event spreaded quickly on Facebook. My unintentional victims apparently gave a description to the building management, that caused amusement – they were looking for a girl with a blue skirt, when interested people asked for a more precise description, the word „shaved“ was used in official notices. Luckily, their description was not correct, they mistook my blue shirt for a skirt.

TL;DR : I took a laxative, underestimated the effects and my poop got over other people.

**Minor Update &amp; Further Details:** It seems that i have avoided all suspicion so far. When time has passed, i will probably tell my roommate who is by the way functioning as my best friend. As far as i could find out, my poor victims were slightly drunk and can not remember every detail. I know their names and their door numbers and in the next days, i will send them gift cards for the communal launderette. Pictures of them were deleted off Facebook and other Social Media. One of their friends has commented on Facebook that they wish their identities to be kept secret. This has not stopped people from spreading the news. I heard people talking about the incident when i went to my classes, but as it is with rumors, the details are changing and sometimes obscure additions are made. I don't know if it is true, but it was said that my poor victims made it into a flat and - as noone wanted to get near them - managed to corner the people inside there before they could convince them that they had nothing to do with their misery. It also appears to be, that there were multiple parties on that floor, so the speculations are not even sure where the culprit came from. 

I'd like to thank the kind stranger who gifted me gold and everyone who gave me suggestions for my health. I strongly suspect that the cause for my constipation was my period, which started early today. I still have classes for today and as cramps won't be the only nuisance, there is a small probability which will hopefully not realize itself, that similar events are going to occur. 