Today I wore pants, which is not unlike any other day in my life. However, today I wore these new dark jeggings (don't judge me) I had recently purchased. I checked myself out in the mirror, then headed to class. Little did I know the horrors awaiting me.

In the middle of class, my legs started to kind of feel tingly and my feet were numb. I looked down and noticed my feet were a purplish color, kind of like dead-flesh. This was not surprising to me because I have Raynaud's Disease- which means that sometimes my extremities don't get enough blood/oxygen so they turn funny colors and go numb. I'd seen this several times before, had the doctors check it out and they said I was good so why worry about it now?

I didn't think much about it until I got home and I realized my feet were *still* numb, even after three hours! Normally it goes away very fast. I touched my legs and realized they felt cold to the touch. This was when I took my pants off and discovered that both of my legs were purple. I'm talking person-who-was-been-dead-a-long-time-purple. Straight up cadaver-purple. Like, the kind of purple that makes you instantly concerned-purple. 

I immediately freaked out and began slapping my legs like an idiot, making this god awful squaking sound, trying to determine if there was any feeling there. I couldn't really tell because they were a little numb. I started doing squats and moving around- no change in coloration. I began running scolding hot water over them, thinking somewhere in my brain that the hot water would help the blood return to the surface of my skin and change the color.

At this point I was 100% convinced that I was going to lose both of my legs and have to use a wheelchair the rest of my life. After the last two months of binge-watching House, I was sure this had to be like some crazy cancer or weird disorder and that my legs were going to be dysfunctional due to lack of oxygen or blood or whatever it was. I started to cry and was thinking about how to get help, and whether or not I should call my mom. How would I even explain to my family that I was going to be crippled for the rest of my life? I started having a full-blown panic attack, wheezing and crying and freaking out like a rabid baboon. 

I looked back down to realize that the bath water was now a light shade of purple and my legs were less so. I blinked a few times, then I scrubbed my skin roughly and more purple came off. After much vigorous scrubbing and water, the majority of the purple washed away. My new jeggings, which I had not washed yet, had dyed my skin while I was wearing them- nothing more. The fact that they had been cold and numb was just related to the Raynauds but wasn't serious. And I felt like an idiot.

**TL;DR But you ain't got no legs, Lieutenant Dan**


Edit: I didn't expect this to get any real attention, so thank you to everyone who shared in my shame! It's comforting on some level to know that many other people had similar experiences. Shout out to all the Raynaud's peeps- you the real MVP. And to the people who complained about the TL;DR.. Do you know what it's like not to be able to use your legs? But seriously, go watch Forrest Gump and enjoy the day. 

Edit's Edit: Thank you to the person who gave me gold! 