I'm doing this from my phone, so forgive me.

So last night my girlfriend said she's going to sneak me into her basement so we could cuddle and watch a movie. I had no plans to sleep over but as the night went along we both got sleepy and I figured why not. She brought me a blanket and pillow and we snuggled on the couch until she left me to go sleep in her room a little later. 

A little context: she's Chinese. She left to go sleep in her room so that when her parents wake up, they would find her in her room. She also said "no one comes to the basement so you'll be fine."

Well, about an hour ago I was startled by lots of movement upstairs. My ears were glued to the sound of steps walking all over the house. Suddenly, one heads downstairs. Luckily the couch is facing away from the entrance so I hid under the sheets and waited while someone, I think her dad, turned off the AC and continued to do some other stuff. I swear my stomach started to make small noises just to spite me.

After he went back upstairs, I ran into this closet and just waited, until I realized I really needed to take a shit. Assuming her dad coming downstairs was a one-time thing and wasn't going to happen again, I ran to the nearby bathroom and kept the lights off while I silently pooped.

Thump thump thump... Good God, the sounds of steps came again. "But they wouldn't be coming to the basement bathroom would they?" Boy was I wrong. Her dad tried to open the bathroom and when he couldn't, he went away for a second and came back with a key (I think). I grab onto the knob and hold the lock down while he pushes from the front. Looking back from 20 minutes into the future, this is kind of funny, but at that moment my mind was racing with all the potential situations as to his reaction to finding a brown man sitting on his toilet. Granted, he knows what I look like... But still. 

Luckily, her dad gave up and went upstairs. In this time, I decided, fuck it, and ran to the closet after flushing. I didn't wipe and holy shit was that a good idea. He came back almost immediately. I'm sure he was stupefied as to why the bathroom smelled like shit and how the door was open. Now I'm in the closet. Thank fuck my shit was solid.

So here I am guys. I'm in the closet right now with a poopy ass. Her dad is watching TV on the treadmill here. He probably noticed the blanket and pillow but I kind of thought ahead last and kind of left my shoes in a hidden corner. Hopefully he won't see them because technically he could if he looked properly.

I tried messaging and calling my gf but she's passed out and her phone is dead I think. 

Also I read a similar tifu a while back where people suggested ordering pizza to act as an escape but i don't know if that'll work because her mom and brother could still be upstairs. She said they should all be gone by 11 though. That's... Two hours.

The funny part is I'm 23 and she 21 and this is a very high school thing to do. Okay, that's not that funny. There's just a lot of cobwebs here and I don't like spiders.

Help me, Reddit. Keep me company in the hour of my doom. #saveourguy

Tl;Dr: snuck into girlfriend's basement and slept over, now smelling like poop and hiding in the closet from her dad, who used to be in a Chinese gang.

Edit: Just so you guys know, I'm not black, I'm Indian.

Update #1: TV is off and I think he went upstairs. I'm still staying here. I promise you I've learned from my mistakes.

Update #2: Girlfriend is awake. Coordinating rescue mission.

Update #3: She's scoping the situation upstairs and is going to come down in a bit.

Update #4: She hasn't come down yet but I hear voices upstairs and I feel like he's asking her about why there might be a pillow and blanket downstairs...

UPDATE #5: VICTORY IS MINE, BROTHERS AND SISTERS. He left to go to work and I am now enjoying a welcome coffee from my lovely girlfriend.

UPDATE #6: I didn't think a 6th update was necessary... But guys... Obviously I wiped before drinking coffee.


http://media1.giphy.com/media/8rbYChfZTh2XC/giphy.gif