I'm home from college for winter break, and this fuck up starts November first, when I started growing the dirtiest, scraggliest beard for No-Shave-November and deciding to rock it as well as not cut my hair for a couple months...because why not? Basically I look [this fucking guy](http://i.imgur.com/Y1iGjq1.jpg). 

Well my mother was busy so she told me to go pick up my little brother from school. I hopped in the car and drove to his middle school, and pulled up in the line of cars where parents wait to pick up their kids. Apparently there's a new system because I didn't see a guy directing cars when to move and I accidentally cut off a school bus that was trying to get past. The guy came over and knocked on my window and said "First time? We take turns here, sir. You have to wait for my signal." 

So whatever, I stay in line and kids come out and their parents take them away. I didn't bring my phone because he usually comes out right away and I thought I'd be home in five minutes. Ten minutes pass. Where is this guy? Fifteen minutes. Dafuq is he doing? Twenty minutes. By this point I'm straight staring at the front door watching all these other kids come out. I can't even text my brother. Now the security guy from before seems to be watching me closely, and so are a few of the other teachers waiting inside to make sure all the kids make it home safely. And I'm staring back at them like don't hate me cuz I'm beardiful. 

Then it hits me...MY BROTHER DOESN'T GO TO THIS FUCKING SCHOOL ANYMORE.

He was in eighth grade last year and is now a freshman in high school. I'm at the wrong fucking school. So I just...pull away and leave.

From their point of view, a haggard, bearded guy they had never seen before, who was coming to pick up a kid "for the first time," just waited in front of the school for half an hour, watched all the kids intently as they came out, had what must have been a frustrated look on his face, (I think I sighed a few times as I got more and more pissed at my brother being "late") and then JUST FUCKING LEFT.

TL;DR: I can never go back to that school again

Edit: Not that I would ever have to...

Edit 2: I've been narrated! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nP5mecxR2A