So this story of mine happened about a year ago, and I don't think I will ever forget what happened that day.

I used to work at this certain coffee corporation, ya know, the one that pretty much rules over the world. My store had this regular customer that would come in every single day, and there was always something to yell at us about. Her coffee was burnt, the tables are gross, it's too loud, we're all out to get her, etc. She was really OCD and freaked out if you so much as got a splash of water on the side of her cup. After about two years of dealing with this woman, biting my tongue and trying my best to give her the best "experience" she can get (even harder since I was a supervisor), one day I just snapped.

I saw her in line and immediately braced myself for impact. I tried to do everything for her the way she wants it, and of course it backfired. She usually liked to put her lids on herself, so instead of snapping it on, I just set it on top and informed her of what I did. She asked me why I did that and I told her that I'm just trying to be convenient to her. This bitch just started **yelling** at me, telling me I'm trying to burn her on purpose and get her sent to the hospital, and how she's going to complain to corporate as she always does.

I literally lost it at her ungrateful attitude. She said "How about you just get someone else to take care of me?!" Here's my fuck up, I responded with "How about you stop being such a *fucking bitch*?!?!" Instantly my store got quiet, and at this point I'm on a fucking roll so I'm just yelling at this customer, venting all of my two years of pent up aggression. My other supervisor had to drag me off the floor to calm down, and I just turned the keys over and left. Several customers actually clapped for me when I was on my way out, saying they were proud of me for sticking up for myself. I'm just like "yay, there goes my fucking job", even though I felt amazing about it. I called my boss and told him what happened, his only response was "oh boy...", as this kind of thing was inevitable.

In the end, I got a write-up and didn't lose my job, even though she was doing her damn hardest to get both me and my boss fired. This lady has a track record in our entire district of being a cunt, and this final issue was enough to get her banned from every store in our district. I fucked up big time, but amazing things came out of it. Moral of the story, don't take anyone's shit.

TL;DR: Cursed out a customer, almost got fired, ended up getting her banned from our district.

Edit: Wow, you guys are awesome. First big post and I made the front page! I got gilded too which is wicked sweet. It's been a bit of a hectic day for me, so this cheers me up a lot. I'll get to responding to some of you guys later tonight when I get home!

Edit2: For one, this incident isn't fake. It actually happened. And for those of you who are saying it's not a fuck up, it is. Fuck ups don't always have to end in some horrible manner. I made a terrible decision out of anger, and really should have gotten fired. I put myself and my boss in a tough spot, and while it felt rewarding, it also hit my pride that I allowed this woman to get under my skin like that. So no, I "won" that fight, but only because of the mercy of the gods.