Throwaway for obvious reasons.  Today was supposed to be a nice trip to the beach with my boyfriend, Sister and her husband.  For reference my sister and I are 14 months apart in age (she is older) and we look enough alike that more than once in our life people have thought we were twins.  When we were younger we played it up and dressed alike and everything.  As we have gotten older we no longer dress alike however because we both have very thick black curly hair we still style our hair almost the same way.  Today we both had it pulled back in pony tails even using the same scrunchies (lol, totally not planned either).

I say that to say that I honestly believe that my BIL thought I was my sister.  We had rented a cabana that not only had table and chairs but also had two changing rooms.  My BIL and sister had gotten there first and had all of our food set out and my BIL had already changed and was in the water.  My sister was in her bathing suit and said she was going to run up to the restroom before she hit the water.  My b/f forgot his phone so he ran back to the car to get it.  I went into the changing room and had put on the bottom half but didn't have my top on yet and I was bent over looking away from the door when I feel  hands on my hips.

Thinking this was my b/f without looking I grabbed his hand and pulled his hands up to my breast and pressed my butt firmly into his crotch.  I could start to feel the movement of his rapidly awakening erection when I hear my sister yell "what in the fuck is going on".  I quickly realize that this is not my boyfriend but my sisters husband and by this time he was no longer halfway up but had a massive erection that was going up my butt (well not really but it pretty much gave me a wedgie).  (side note:   I don't know how my sister can walk)

He let's go of me and he looks confused and starts apologizing profusely to both of us.  Saying he thought it was her, didn't even know we were there yet, etc.   

My sister starts bawling and runs back to the bathroom.  I quickly am putting my top on and wanted to crawl in a hole and die.

I went to the bathroom and tried to talk with my sister but she wasn't having it.  I kept trying to tell her that I thought it was my b/f and he thought it was his wife but the more I tried to explain that the dumber it even sounded to me.

My b/f shows back up and is confused has hell about why everyone is pissed off.  I left my sister to go back to the cabana, my BIL was there and he was pretty much mortified.  He said he was sorry, he though I was her and he hoped I would not hate him for it and that he would never disrespect either my sister or me by doing that on purpose.

I told him he didn't have anything to apologize for any more than I did for grabbing him.  I told him I thought he was my b/f and we both talked about how we were going to help my sister understand that this honestly was a mistake.

She finally came out but by this time she wanted to go home.  I begged her to stay and that I didn't have some long drawn out plan to steal her husband.  I told her I love my b/f and I love her, how could she think I would ever do anything to hurt her.

Ultimately she stuck around but was mopey the rest of the day.  My b/f was finally told what happened and he at first thought it was funny, then when we get to the car he started asking why I thought my BIL was him when he hadn't even changed cloths yet.  Then the rest of drive home was in silence and once we got home he started asking about if I had feelings for my BIL.  Ugh.....

Finally after several hours I got him past his insecurities and am now typing this in bed.

So I have no idea if there is going to be any long term problems from this.  My sister I think still doesn't believe me.  I sure as fuck hope she doesn't take this out on my BIL.  I am hoping things aren't going to be awkward with my BIL either and ultimately I hope my b/f can just forget about this.

Good God what a fucking mess.

tl;dr  While changing into bathing suit BIL comes from behind me and grabs me on hips, me thinking it is b/f pull his hands from hips to breasts and firmly plant buttocks into groin causing erection and problems.