I like to lift weights before I go to work, and since I'm an early bird I'm usually at the gym around 4 or 4:30. It's a smaller 24/7 gym with card access and I'm usually the only one there that early. I enjoy being alone, because I like to dance and enjoy my music (but obviously wouldn't if others were around). I've danced countless times in the morning in between sets, but I realized yesterday (sorry, meant to post yesterday!) I have been fucking up for a while.

Rather than going to the gym in the morning yesterday, I went after work. Staff was actually there (normally it is to early and staff isn't around) and the girl at the desk looked at me and started whispering to her coworker. I shrugged it off and got into my workout. 

As I was leaving, both girls stopped me and said, "Hey, can we talk to you for a second?" I was not sure why they needed to talk to me and I'm pretty shy but reluctantly agreed. Once they pulled me aside one of the girls said, "So do you always dance when nobody is watching?" I was literally frozen. How? How could they know? Before I could even respond she said, "We noticed a couple months back when checking camera footage that you come in and dance in the mornings during your workout. It is hilarious!" I could barley utter a response, which mostly sounded like, "Haha, yeah, I didn't even think about the cameras."

Tl;dr - I go to the gym early when nobody is around. I get into my music and dance because nobody is there. Realized yesterday for the past couple months the staff has been unashamedly watching my "performances." Might have to switch gyms because of embarrassment.

Edit: Wow, I appreciate all the comments everyone. A little more background might clarify why I feel this is a fuck up. I am not a confident guy. Part of the reason I go to the gym early is because I don't have a huge audience. I got comfortable having no audience and let loose more than I would normally. While I was flattered many in the comments interpreted the girls reaction as flirting, it was and still is very uncomfortable to me. I hope I don't sound like a bitch. I have laughed at the irony of the situation, but I'm very anxious about returning during the day. Also...this isn't fake, I'm a 21 year old male, the dancing was not good and included classics such as the lawn mower, pelvic thrusting, and the running man.