This literally happened a few minutes ago, and I may be in need of searching for a new job, pls halp. I created a project at my work that allowed all of our products to be linked up to android apps that our customers can use to control them. Today was the day I was presenting this to upper management. Before starting my presentation, the CEO of my company stopped in and decided he was interested in my project. The presentation goes well, and is very well received. Everyone thinks its a great idea to link our products up to apps instead of controlling them via switches and push buttons. The final slide of my project was titled "Why Android Initially", this is where things went, very, very bad. I presented data showing that Android based devices currently hold &gt;50% market share and Apple is only around 38%. I then proceeded to tell everyone 82% of new phones being shipped right now are Android based. I also explained that development for Android was much easier than iOS. After I finish making these points my CEO just responds with "Well, 82% of people are stupid". Obviously thinking it was a joke, and he just liked Apple more, I responded back with "Looks like we have a fanboy in the room". The room went dead silent for the remainder of my presentation. I finish up the presentation thinking it went quite well, and the CEO storms out. One of the VPs in the meeting pulls me aside, and politely fills me in on the fact that our CEO is one of the largest shareholders of Apple. I kinda just left work after that one...  
  
  &amp;nbsp;  
  

TL;DR: Shit on Apple in front of my CEO who's one of the biggest investors in the company and called him a fucking fanboy  
  
Edit: rip inbox  
  
Edit2: in the presentation I talked about expanding to iOS when the time presented itself. For now, having the fully designed android app fits everyone's needs. That's why the slide was titled "Why Android Initially"   
  
Edit3: yes, I own an android. Would I call myself a fan boy? Maybe. I just prefer superior hardware (for lower costs) and open source. Whatever platform offers me that is the one I'll choose. I stated the android facts not to discredit apple, but to show the usefulness of having the android app. An iOS app could not be created in near the time I made the android app, because I would have had to learn other languages etc. It was also just flat out not needed initially. 