So as the story goes, my girlfriend and I have been dating for almost 5 years, but just moved in together about 6 months ago. She is very smart, clean, fun, and generally just an all-around good person to live with. Until about 5 months ago..

She typically wakes up earlier than me and hops in the shower right away, so by the time I get up she is finished in the bathroom. One morning as I was getting in the shower I noticed some brown... stuff near the drain of the tub. I thought nothing of it really, and made a note to clean the bathroom later that day as it had been a couple weeks.

The next day I hopped into a freshly cleansed bathtub and to my dismay, there again were traces of some brown material in different areas of the tub floor. Concerned and a little disgusted by this mysterious matter, I rinsed it away the best i could. It couldn't be what I thought it was, right? Maybe we had mice! Yes, mice. I should tell my girlfriend to pick up some traps on her way home.
Fast forward a few weeks; completely empty mouse traps, zero evidence of mousey activities, yet still almost every morning I was met with a greasy brown substance hastily mashed around the shower drain.

I planned my words carefully; it was not my intention to embarrass her, as I would expect this type of behavior would indicate some type of underlying mental disorder or strange fetish that I was somehow unaware of. Whatever her reason, we would work it out together and move on with our lives.

The moment finally came after dinner tonight. I took a deep breath, put my hand on her knee, looked her in the eye and asked, "Laura, have you been pooping in the shower?" A mix of confusion and mild amusement crossed her face and she responded with, "Um, Excuse me? Is that a serious question?" I guess my uncomfortable body language made her realize that I indeed was serious, and she immediately became alarmed. I explained the strange matter that I would find in the tub every morning, and it didn't look like residue from any of the products that she used, so I couldn't imagine what else it could be.

There was a pause before she began giggling hysterically. "I use my morning coffee grounds as a face scrub!"
The amount of relief that washed over me was intense, but I was only able to enjoy it for a few seconds before she stood up and said, 

"Wait.. how long have you been suspicious exactly?"

"A couple weeks after moving in was the first time I noticed, why?"

**".........YOU THOUGHT I WAS SHITTING IN THE SHOWER AND YOU WAITED 5 MONTHS TO CONFRONT ME ABOUT IT?!"**

Edit: to those of you saying I'm stupid for not being able to tell the difference between coffee and feces, you aren't understanding the *amount* that was in question. It was never a massive clump of grounds, but more like a half of a teaspoon of an oily residue. Maybe I am profoundly stupid.. but some of you are WAY too angry about it too :( buck up, kiddos! 

Edit 2: yikes. Some of these comments and angry PMs make me feel like I posted to youtube accidentally. Yeesh! 