So over the past few weeks my girl has been carless, so being the considerate individual I like to pretend to be, I've been offering to drive her to and from work. 

It's about 7 p.m. and I'm on my way back from work. I give her a call to double check what time she would be done for the night, and we establish that I'll pick her up at 9 oclock. My exact words were, "Absolutely, I'll be there at 9." Rookie mistake not leaving room for error. 

Exactly 50 minutes later, my phone buzzes for a reminder notification. "Tip off for the Wizards / Warriors game is in 10 minutes!" Fuck. My mind is racing. Did I buy tickets? Oh my God. Is it February?! How could I have forgotten Mr. Curry was coming to the District tonight?! 

I call my buddy Tim immediately. "TIM. Where are you right now?" To which he replies, "I'm on my way to class, what's up?" (Tim is in law school at Georgetown, so thankfully he's already in the city.) I remind him about the game and the tickets we purchased way back in December, and we both panic for a split second. Tim asks, "So, what do we do? Are you coming?" I tell him about my prior arrangements with Olivia to get her at 9. I say I can't go, right? I can't just leave her stranded at work, right? 

.... 

Here's my thought process: "Well, sure I can! Olivia is understanding. She knew about the game and would want me to go. I'll just call her a cab to make sure she gets home safely. There's no way she would be that mad at me." BRILLIANT! Time to execute said plan:

I send a flurry of texts to Liv, the first being this: "Fuck Olivia the basketball game is tonight."  The second: "I literally just left my house I'm already 10 minutes late but Tim and I decided that we are going to go anyway. we both forgot we have no idea how and I'm sorry that I can't come pick you up." Now you may be thinking, "why are you speaking in run on sentences man? Ever heard of punctuation?" Yes, I have. However, at this particular moment in time I was using my voice-to-text function because I'm flying down the expressway and I have no hands to text. 

I make it to the city, scoop my buddy from his apartment, then make it to our seats in time for the second quarter. At this point it's about 9 oclock and I haven't heard from Olivia yet. Tim's asking me how angry she's going to be, and I assure him it's a non-issue. It was odd that I hadn't heard from her yet, so I step out to try to call her again. She answers:

-"Hello?"
-"Hey! Liv, I'm so sorry. Did you get my messages?"
-"Yeah, I got your message. FUCK YOU TOO. HAVE FUN AT THE GAME. "
-click-

??? Bewildered, I call her back. I assume she's upset because I didn't come to pick her up, so I tell her I'd call a cab for her to get back. I quickly realize that wasn't the problem, it was the first text I sent her. She thought I meant to send that to my buddy Tim, essentially saying exactly what the text said: "Fuck Olivia. The basketball game is tonight." When what I meant to say was, "Fuck, Olivia, the basketball game is tonight!" 

We laughed about it this morning. I apologized profusely for the mess, but I'd probably do it again to see Steph drop another 51 points. 

TLDR: I accidentally told my girlfriend to fuck off, abandoned her at work, and went to the Washington Wizards game. 

(Music for your time: https://youtu.be/P_i1xk07o4g)