This actually happened today, yay! 
So my Aunt and Uncle just had a baby boy a week ago. They also have two daughters, a 4 year old and a 2 year old (I'm a 26 year old guy, so my cousins are a lot younger than I am). Because they had their hands full, with the newborn and two young daughters, I volunteered to take my 4 year old cousin to the park for the day. She's very attached to me and love spending time with her. When I got to their house, she was eating so I just hung out at the house for a while. As she ate, my cousin told me about her new friend "Mimi," and my aunt filled me in that Mimi was my cousin's new imaginary friend. I thought nothing of it, as many young children have imaginary friends. Enter the FU.
So I start to ask my cousin questions about Mimi. My cousin answers them with an adorable swiftness as if Mimi is a real person. She tells me all about her curly hair and how she wants to go visit Mimi at her house. I asked her where Mimi lives and she said that she'll show me on the way to the park. This is strange because, as a 4 year old, I didn't think she would actually be able to point out a location of where Mimi lives, let alone tell me it's "on the way to the park."
Anyway, so we head out a little while later, and as we're driving, my cousin starts telling me from her car seat "Hereafter Superman, this is where Mimi lives." I look to the right but there's nothing there. "No the other side!!" I look to my left and nearly crash as I realize she's pointing into a cemetery. "Cousin, you've made a mistake, Mimi doesn't live here," I say, trying to laugh it off. "Yes she does! She told me this is where she lives and sleeps!"
TL;DR Cousin may be interacting with a spirit. I will be crying myself to sleep tonight.

*EDIT: Well I have had quite a few people ask me to go to the cemetery to investigate. My initial reaction was: ya'll stupid. But the next day I'm off from work is Friday, so we'll see. Maybe then. *

EDIT 2: I've provided the name of the cemetery to a fellow redditor who said he/she will look up the graves and see if there is a Mimi. Let's be patient.

EDIT 3: A very caring redditor has looked up some info about the cemetery and came back with this: "There is a single Mimi buried in that cemetery. She was 37 at the time of her death in 1949. That said, there are 16,800+ burials there so it's likely we could have a match on any name your niece gave you. Still, I'd also think there would be more than one Mimi. I'm happy to do more research on her, if you like." So there is a Mimi! We will see. I will go back and talk to my cousin again.

Edit 4: just wanted to add that I've never had a post blow up and get this much attention before. This is so cool. Thanks reddit :D

EDIT 5: OK, so I'm going to see my cousin Friday and ask her a few more questions and maybe visit the cemetery. I just want you all to know that in reading all of your comments and they mean so much to me. Thank you for all of this attention, I had no idea this post would blow up like this. I wish I could respond to and thank you all individually but know that I'm trying my best to respond to as many people as I can. If I miss you, I really am sorry. Thanks again, Reddit, you've made my week :)

Edit 6: I think I need to clarify. I will be visiting the cemetery alone. I am NOT taking my 4 year old baby cousin to a cemetery. 

FRIDAY EDIT 1: Ok, everyone, I want to thank you all for being so patient with me and getting so invested in my post. This has literally made like my month lol I want you to know I will be posting an update today sometime, which will include details about my visit to the cemetery, info found by the wonderful u/gutterpeach about the Mimi buried in the cemetery, as well as any conversation I may have with my cousin. I am going to try my best to visit her and speak to her one on one and get some more insight, however I do ask of you to be a little more patient because today is in fact the most important holiday in my religion so I also have to visit other family members and I'm not sure what my aunt and uncle's plans are. But I will do my best to find some time to go visit them when I go to the cemetery. Again, thank you all so much for this opportunity. Lastly, just wanted to thank the splendid u/gutterpeach again for all her hard work in uncovering the enigma that is Mimi. For more of her amazing amazing work, I would definitely check out her sub, r/cemeterypreservation. Talk to you soon!!

FRIDAY EDIT 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3dpba5/tifu_mimi_update/