So, this actually happened today!   
  
I work at a winery owned by a fairly large player in the game. To give some back story, we are employed as "vintage casuals" for about 4 months of the year, to help out with the busiest part of their season. Its good money (I take about $1800 aud clear a week for a 72 hour week) but overall, its pretty mundane work. The permanent staff call us "insurance policies" - basically making sure the wine doesn't go off, heat up to much, and add bits and pieces to stop it from doing the afore mentioned.  
  
At one point in the wine making process, the grapes that have been sitting in their tanks for days are pumped to a machine that gets rid of all the skins and seeds and crap (a press), leaving only the juice. The juice is then reverted back into its original tank like a massive super soaker to push the seeds and skins to the first machine until its only just the juice going around and around. To start this process off, a little bit of finished wine is used for the super soaker, but this also means that the crappy grapes and stuff is connected to the finished wine's tank.  
  
Onto the fuck up - so one of the permanents had just started this whole process, using the finished wine to begin. He then called me on the radio to shut of the valve to the finished wine and "swing it" so that just the juice from the unfinished wine is being used.  
  
Now I've done this a hundred times, but as I walked up to the tank, I only saw one tank tap and thinking "that's odd", I turned the tap on, and as always, just walked away to continue my other jobs.  
  
A couple of hours later, my supervisor calls me into his office and asked:  
Supervisor: Did you swing the tap on tank 934?  
Me: Yeah?  
Supervisor: Did you close the finished wines tank?  
  
It was then to my horror that I realised what I had done... At the end of the day, I pushed through 20,000L of unfinished wine that was eventually destined to be about $5 a bottle (cost), making that a $140,000 loss... Bad... but in the big scheme of things... not the worse. However, I pumped that 20,000L of unfinished cheap crappy wine... into 150,000L  of $15 (cost) a bottle wine... making a total loss of $3,350,000.  
  
I find out if I keep my job tomorrow night... my only saving grace all depends on if I've totally ruined the wine or if it can be re sold as some thing cheaper...

TL:DR Pumped 20000L of crappy unfinished wine, into 150000L of finished wine costing about 3.3 mil if it cant be resold...  
  
Edit: words.... Lts to L....

Update:  
Well.... I've kept my job. My saving grace was one of two things:  
One: I've never screwed up before, this year or the previous year I had worked here. 
Two: As /u/ripinpeppers pointed out, the percentage of wine I put into the tank didn't change it enough to have to create a new label for it, but it will more than likely change the price point it is sold at, and that won't be known until waaaaay down the process when they get a couple of wine peeps to taste it and say if it's any better/worse/some other wino snobbery than last years label. So at the end of the day, I could make the company money, or I could loose it, but luckily the wine is not a total wrote off. Sadly this means no Chateau Tifu though (credit to /u/srslynotanaltguys for the name).  
  
My supervisor, especially at the meeting I had earlier where I recieved a first and final warning, is still a bit pissed but had a great laugh at some of the wine puns here, so thank you guys for lightening the mood for me. A couple of the wine makers came out and had a chat to me and have told me there have been much bigger FUs in the past which made me feel slightly better. 

Oh, and thank you for the gold 😄 