So I'm new to this accounting job and fresh out of college. I'm not used to waking up earlier than 10am, and now I have to wake up at 6. Unfortunately I'm in the habit of sleeping after midnight so I've been getting less than 5 or 6 hours of sleep most days. It's not too bad, but every day I get very tired at around 11am and 4pm. 

Well thankfully my company is very chill. They encourage you to get up and walk around, take a 10 or even 30 (rarely) minute break, no problem. Obviously don't abuse it, be reasonable, but a 15 minute break every 2 hours is very reasonable. 

So I started using 2 of my breaks every day to take a nap. Except there aren't any safe places to nap in this office. There are conference rooms but I can't just take those because if someone needs them then it's a hassle. And I can't just sleep at my desk because that's not the best idea, obviously. 

So there's 2 bathrooms on this floor. One is a normal bathroom with stalls and everything. The other is a private room. Great bathroom, cleaned top-to-bottom daily. There's also a VERY NICE chair in it. Not sure why, but it's a VERY comfortable leather chair. If the door is closed AT ALL then it's being used. So I go in there if I feel too tired, and take a 15 minute nap. 

Now this bathroom inside a customer support center. The other bathroom is very close by (15 second walk) so I'm not preventing anyone from going to the bathroom. So I go in, set an alarm, and sleep. 

I've done that at least 10 times now. I always woke up on time, everything seemed fine. 

Today, I woke myself up 2 minutes before the alarm rang. I was snoring pretty loud. I don't normally snore but I guess when sitting up on a chair snoring is easier?  The fan in the bathroom is pretty loud and people in the customer service center are all talking anyways, so I thought nothing of it. 

Well, when I came out of the bathroom today, one of them joked at me and asked "had a nice nap?" to which I replied "haha yea..how'd you know?" She told me that I'm actually snoring in there every single day. 

So every day I slept in there, my loud snoring was heard by the entire customer service team, above all their talking, above the bathroom fan. And then they would hear a quiet alarm ring, a fake bathroom flush, and then me walking out. 

I think I'll start sleeping a bit more at home now... 

**TL;DR Slept in the bathroom at work during allowed breaks. Everyone heard me snore, every time.**