This FU actually happened on Halloween, but I'm just getting time to post it now.

I don't go out on halloween because I'm in my mid 20s and I'm just not into going out on the same night as people who rage and get drunk on a holiday that was intended for children to enjoy. My neighborhood gets slammed with kids, and I enjoy handing out candy anyway so no big deal.

Kids start showing up at around noon, and throughout the day I handed out over 350+ goodie bags that I made up with 4 pieces of candy in each. It was intense. The last of the kids showed up at around 10PM, right around the time that the hooligans started running around with shaving cream wreaking havoc. My neighbor across the street lost his cool and ended up calling the cops on the kids and they came by and parked two marked cars at the corner of my block for about an hour then they left. Right around this time i notice my neighbor to the right is having a party. Rather, their high school age daughter is having a party. These kids are all wasted, carrying on, but whatever. I was young once. As long as they stay over there it's cool.

So around 11:15 I decide to go out into my back yard to have a cigarette, but I walked through my front door to bring some trash to the cans and I was going to go through my gate into my backyard. As I'm turning the corner I hear a radio.

Now I'm a cop. I know what a radio sounds like. I hear keys jingling and I hear a radio. It's dark though and I can't really see, but I make out the silhouette of a cop walking into my neighbors back yard. The keys, the radio, the shoulder patches from the local PD, and the reflection of the name badge that I caught a glimpse of made me sure that this was a cop. 

I'm thinking in my head that these cops came back that were parked at the end of the block and noticed this party and were walking around my neighbors driveway to see what was going on in the back yard. I decided to go inside and watch what was going on from the window.

All of a sudden there are about 15 kids in the street in front of the house and I see the cop under a street light on his phone. He's sitting with a kid who is clearly black out drunk who can't move. I assumed he was calling to make sure this kid had a ride home and was going to be okay. I can hear his radio, and I notice he has a gun, a nightstick, the whole deal. It's occurring to me now that he's there clearing the party out, but I don't see a radio car anywhere. I'm thinking okay, maybe the call came over the radio and he knew my neighbors so he was coming by after his shift to tell them to cool it or something.

I then start hearing one of these kids asking the cop to mace him. I'm sitting here thinking okay, now I'm sure this isn't a costume. Costumes don't come with mace. I decided to go into my backyard where I could get a better view and hear them better. So i'm sitting there and I decide to break out my camera and start filming this, because if this cop maces this kid he shouldn't be a fucking cop.

One of the kids in the group says something about the kid being 14 and then the kid is asking for more vodka before he gets maced. The cop then starts warning him that it really hurts and it isn't going to be funny. The kid keeps pressuring him and finally he folds. He maces this kid in the street in front of this house!

The kid starts screaming in agony, my neighbors daughter starts telling everyone to get back into the back yard, and this cop starts going with everyone.

I'm sitting in my back yard and I'm fucking astonished. I can't believe that I just saw a fucking cop mace an intoxicated 14 year old. He should have been making sure they weren't in the street carrying on at the very least. He was now going back into the party though which was really freaking me out because now I'm thinking that he's at a high school party drinking with his fucking firearm. Having just seen him mace someone, I'm thinking that it's only a matter of time before he hands his gun to someone to "see" and he have a national news story about cops again.

I decide to call the local PD. I tell them who I am, where I live, and what I'm seeing. The guy on the phone freaked out. He said that there would be cops there in 5 minutes. 4 unmarked cars pull up to my house and I'm already standing outside. I show them the video of the cop macing the kid and they go to my neighbors house.

My heart is racing at this point because I can't believe what I just did. I'm thinking I should have gone over there before calling the cops, but I work in a different department and a lot of the guys out where I live don't like people from my department and being that he was drinking I thought he would just tell me to fuck off.

About 45 minutes go by and they have this cop in handcuffs and they're taking him out of the house. They come over to me with his gun belt and tell me they want to show me something. His gun is fake. His radio is real. His mace is real. His mag pouches are empty. His keys are just his keys. His baton is real.

I'm confused as hell and I asked them what the fuck is going on. 

Turns out, this kid's dad is a cop in the department. He's 19 and knows my neighbors daughter from his high school. He thought it would be a good idea to take his dads uniform and gun belt and wear it as a costume.

The local cops told me that I should have gone over there and seen what was going on before calling them. They ended up charging the kid with endangering the welfare of a minor for macing the drunk 14 year old. At least that's what they told me, but they're probably going to bring him in and then make his dad pick him up. I'm sure his dad is going to be in a fuck ton of trouble for letting his kid go out there with one of his uniforms and his gunbelt. 

Now my neighbors think I'm a douche bag for calling the cops on their party and getting their daughter's friend arrested. They're pissed that I called the cops on a party, they don't believe that I thought the guy was actually cop. Now I have to worry about my car/house getting egged or worse. The local PD thinks I'm a douche bag for turning in one of their cops even though he wasn't actually a cop, it's the principle. All in all, a pretty spooky Halloween.

TL;DR: Saw a cop at my neighbors house late on halloween night. Neighbors 18 year old  daughter was having a party and all kids were wasted. Watched cop mace a drunk 14 year old. Called local PD. Turns out he was a kid wearing his dads gear. Local PD and neighbors pissed at me.

Edit: Used the wrong "they're". Had to fix it before the grammar police called me in.

Edit 2: Everyone is asking for the video! [Here is part of it.]() I had to cut the end off because I started talking and I mentioned the name of the police department and my neighbors address. I don't want that shit online so I'm not posting it. Unfortunately that was when there was most of the screaming. My iPhone sucks at video in low light, but you can see what's going on.

Last edit: Thanks for the gold! My inbox is over loaded. I'm getting PMs calling me a cunt and a piece of shit. I'm getting messages saying good job, other one's saying I'm a nosy piece of shit. Some of them are saying I'm bad for not charging the kids all with MIP others are saying I'm bad for getting involved at all. Make up your fucking mind people!

**LAST LAST EDIT**: I'm getting tons of crazy PMs. I'm getting people asking me to do interviews for articles, I'm getting people from /r/protectandserve pressuring me to send them photos of my uniform and police ID, I'm getting people going through my post history and trying to identify me, and I'm getting people threatening to "doxx" me and post all my info online. I didn't think this post would blow up the way it has, and unfortunately I'm getting way more heat than I am comfortable with. In retrospect I probably shouldn't have even been posting on reddit, but I've seen other cops from my department do it so I thought it would be okay. I'm really second guessing that thought process now. It's for that reason that I've deleted my post history and I'm going to be deleting my reddit account. I don't want to get into trouble for this and I don't want to have some of the local cops knocking on my door or IAB asking me questions because of some article they read in the paper or on Facebook. 

Thanks a ton to the people who gave me gold, sorry it's going to go to waste. I also want to say thank you to all of the people who left positive comments and to all of you who support your local law enforcement. I'll leave this post up though so people can continue to enjoy it. 