Right off the bat, two thing. 1) as with all things, this didn't happen today, but a couple of weeks ago. 2) I'm on mobile so things might be a bit fucky with the formatting.
 
Last weekend my sister and her husband were heading out of town and I got to be the responsible uncle for my 10 year old niece, who we'll call emily. Which is super awesome. I get to see my sister and brother in law a lot so I've built up a pretty good relationship with Emily over the past few years. So Saturday morning they drop her off at my apartment, give hugs all around, and hit the road. Emily gets a bit flustered, but does that worry me? Fuck no. I'm the cool uncle, and I got the prescription for this panic attack. I pack her up into the car, and we hit the mall. We grab breakfast, and spend all day hitting one shop right after another. By the time we get to build-a-bear she's on cloud 9.

We waste the whole day away and get home. As soon as we get through the door she crawls on to the sofa and is out like a light. I grab a blanket and cover her up. 

So I waste a bit of time playing halo, keep an eye on her, make sure she's alright. About 5 she wakes up, and I go ahead and make dinner. And then smooth cool uncle strikes again. Boom! Ice cream for desert. And what goes good with ice cream? Movies. Blazing saddles. Loves it. Spaceballs. Even more. Princess bride? Fucking rolling. I've got this kid in the palm of my hand.

10 o clock rolls around. Bed time. She's begging and pleading "don't make me go to sleep! More movies!" and yes, I want to be the cool uncle, but I also have to be the responsible uncle. So I call my sister. "Emily wants to stay up and watch movies, what do?" and she says, it's fine as long as she gets plenty of sleep before they come get her tomorrow night. 

I'm digging it, so I tell Emily to go pick out another movie, and go back to talking to my sister. "How's the trip? Everything alright? Blah blah blah." as I'm still on the phone Emily comes running back up to me, movie in hand. And out of all the movies on my shelf which one does she pick out?

Poltergeist.

What fucking 10 year old wants to see poltergeist?

So I go back to talking with my sister. "Uh, there's no way I can let her watch this." and she responds, "no it's ok, but if she gets too scared, movie goes off and she goes to bed." and against my better judgement, I let her. I did tell her it was a scary movie before we started, but she just have me that thousand mile smile and said she wanted a scary movie.

Alright kid.

To my surprise, she did fairly well through most of the movie. She huddled into her blanket and let out a few gasps and yelps every now and then, but every time I asked if she was fine she just smiled and said yeah more movie.

Until. The pool scene. For some reason the skeletons in the pool freaked her the fuck out over the rest of the movie. So I took my sister's advice, I turned the movie off, switched it over to boomerang, and tried to call her down.

And here's where the fuck up comes.

As I'm calming her down she keeps talking about how scary the skeletons were and she hated skeletons and started crying a bit, so I'm trying to talk her down, and thanks to you fuckers, I say the first thing that pops into my mind.

"It's ok honey, skeletons are fine, everyone has a skeleton inside them, even you."

And in that moment. As her eyes got wider and wider, and tears starting flowing like Niagara falls. I knew. I fucked up.

Almost instantly she's in full panic mode. Shaking, full on bawling, screaming, and then she barfed. Ice cream and pizza melted together into the fibers of my sofa. I'm in full lock down mode now trying my best to take control of the situation. It ain't happening. So I have to call my sister who instructs me to take her to our mom's house so she can take care of her. I bundle her up as best as I can, and she is dead silent for the entire car ride over. I passed her off to my mom, and went back home to salvage my couch. 

Sunday my sister called and said she picked her up and Emily wouldn't say a word about anything that happened all day Saturday. She told me she wasn't as mad as she should be, because I did get the go ahead from her for a scary movie, but I was a dumbass for telling her she had a skeleton. Wat?

Friday I got a call back from my sister, telling me Emily wouldn't stop talking about going to the doctor to "get her skeleton out", leading to several conversations about why Emily had to keep her skeleton inside her. Followed by my sister telling me that she tried to bring Emily back over to my apartment and was met by several tantrums.

Tldr: mr. Skeltal scared my niece with too much calcium and reset three years of trust bulding.

Edit: I saw a couple of people mention why she freaked out about skeletons being inside of her at 10 years old. I called my sister and asked her to pry a bit more info out of Emily. Apparently she took what I said to mean she actually had one of the skeletons from the movie inside her. Like a pile of fresh fleshy bones just hanging inside of her. I would have thought that through a bit more that night if I hadn't been freaking out myself trying to calm her down. So thankfully she isn't freaked out about HER skeleton it's just spoopy movie skeletons she has a problem with.

Double edit: obligatory whoo thanks for the gold!!!!

Triple edit: I've gotten quite a few replies asking if she's "special". She is not. She was just freaked out from the movie, and misunderstood what I said, which freaked her out even more. I've gotten an update from my sister and it seems she's already starting to understand what I was saying, and she does not have a poltergeist skeleton inside her. Just her normal old skeleton she was born with.