Growing up I was a stereotypical boy. Played with little toy guns and cars, peed standing up (via a spectacular penis), loved shop class, had a preoccupation with my female teachers... you get the idea. Having the appropriate amount of external protrusions, holes, and inclinations my gender and sexuality were always strongly "male." Then puberty hit.

While I'd always been attracted to women (and still am) I developed a sexual interest in men as well. It grew over the years and was kind of awkward; you know that weird feeling that you get when dealing with people you're attracted to? Well I started having that with almost everyone. My platonic friendships felt... uncomfortable... and by my early 20's I'd pretty much stopped developing new ones.

Around this time I took the plunge and with the help of the internet started having sex with men. I'd been having sex with women since I was 17 and it was great, but for the first time since I started dating I was single and there was just something about being penetrated that I really enjoyed. Sometimes it was a good experience, other times it was terribly painful. I chalked it up to "welp, that's buttsex for ya" and took it in stride.

In my mid 20's I was hospitalized with severe pain in my lower intestines.  I never had ANY intestinal problems before but suddenly I was passing blood with my stool and thought that I'd somehow perforated my colon. Since I hadn't had anything inserted in a couple years at that point I was clueless as to what could have caused it and a little embarrassed; it turned out that my mother was the only person able to take me to the hospital and she INSISTED she stay until they figured out what was wrong. Nothing more uncomfortable than looking your mother in the face while a nurse inserts a few fingers into your ass to see if some foreign object is jammed in there. I ended up spending most of my hospital visit sedated due to the ridiculous amount of constant pain. After a week I was discharged with the prognosis of an ulcerated colon and put on an appropriate diet. Somewhat regularly since then I've noticed blood when I poop. This is regardless of being penetrated or not. For the last decade I thought this was just a normal thing due to colon ulcers.

This morning I woke up feeling rather horny for buttplay, and being unable to locate my buttplug decided to knuckle-bust the old starfish. I've literally never put my own fingers in my ass beyond the very first knuckle so this was a new one by me. For the most part it felt like any other rectum... except for a "mushy" spot about two inches in. At first I thought this was an ulcer and I'd have to abandon ship, but there was no blood... and rather than hurting when I poked it, it felt good!

Could this be my "male G spot" I'd heard so much about? I continued to prod with cautious curiosity, slowly building confidence and speed until the neighbor's dog startled me and... OUCH! My finger went "through" the soft spot. I pulled it out immediately. Then came the blood. I was concerned, but there wasn't really any pain after a few minutes - I still went to the hospital though.

I decided to give a fake name due to the circumstances, and as a result the doctor didn't have my old records. She asked me some routine questions and I explained what happened while I was being cleaned up, we made some smalltalk and joked around a bit to lighten the mood while she got the glove and lube ready, then in went her fingers. She pretty quickly found the spot, which wasn't sore at all by this point, and a strange look came across her face as she asked me, "Did you have gender reassignment surgery at some point?"

I assured her I've always been male - having gotten my penis into a variety of embarrassing situations as far back as I can remember I think I'd be aware if it wasn't around at some point. She assured ME that in her professional opinion I have a vaginal tube which opens to my rectum, and that although she wasn't a gynecologist she was pretty sure what I'd poked with my finger was a sort of hymen. She asked me if I wanted x-rays to confirm. Being rather surprised (and poor) I passed. Besides, I know where to go for answers.

It all makes sense now. I could never figure out why my mother was so adamant about being present during my hospital visit for intestinal pain all those years ago. While when I was a child my parents and the doctor would step out of the room and talk after each physical I had prior to coming back in and telling me I was superbly healthy. I don't know that this changes anything about my self-image - I've always been pretty comfortable with my sexuality and feel gender identity to be a rather secondary aspect of my personality. I still feel just as male as I did yesterday. Nonetheless I intend to confront my parents about this over the weekend and figure out WTF is up. Although not an outright lie I feel this would be a huge crime of omission on their part, and if it's the case that I was surgically altered to emphasize one specific gender I'm going to be rather pissed.

**TL;DR**: *I accidentally discovered I may have been born an intersex person, and my parents may have actively hidden that from me for my entire life.*

EDIT: FIXED! [Narration by Cyae1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zabXqs56IzM&amp;list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6&amp;index=3)

EDIT 2: I will certainly be updating after I speak with my parents, and (probably) again after I see a specialist and find out more technical details.

EDIT 3: I may have popped my own cherry, but to the two of you who popped my gold cherry... thanks :)  I feel remiss for not saying something sooner but wanted to pay it forward prior to acknowledgement.

[PART 2 IS HERE! You can stop flooding my inbox with requests.](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2dwve9/tifu_by_not_simply_titling_this_the_mangina/)