So this FU happened this morning.
University resumed this week after winter break and I started a new course together with a friend.

In this course we were going to use Matlab to calculate some economic stuff, so the first lecture was an introduction to Matlab for those that had not yet worked with it.
My friend and I had used Matlab before, so we weren't really paying attention, as it was still very basic stuff being explained.

So my friend was arranging Matlab and Excel in a way that he could both see the data and Matlab or easily switch between the two.
In order to do this he googled the multiple desktop feature for W10. So he was busy for a few minutes and when he finished I looked over to see his final arrangement. While I checked out his screen setup he turns to me and went like [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/bDnPcxV).
I didn't expect that so i burst out laughing and kinda tried to play it off as a cough while burying my face in my hands. After I calmed myself down I looked up, face red and tears still in my eyes.

At this point the prof asked me if something was funny.
I responded by saying no and apologizing.
He didn't want any of that though, because his next sentence was: "Get out, I don't want to see you in my class again."
After he said that he left the room for a brief moment while I shut down my Computer.
He returned and repeated, that my friend and I should leave.
So we packed our things and left the room while he gave us a grumpy glare.

I don't know why he was so harsh, maybe he thought we were laughing at him, because of his thick accent or he just didn't like that we didn't pay any attention to his Matlab introduction. Anyway, I guess we have Wednesday morning off now...

TL;DR: Friend approved of his new desktop setup - professor didn't though.




UPDATE:

I just talked to the professor. The reason he kicked me out is because he finds it offensive when people laugh or behave noisily during his lectures.
I told him, that I find it too harsh to not even warn someone before kicking him out, especially considering there are other lectures that are much more relaxed where even the professors joke around from time to time.

In the end we both apologized and I think both parties had more understanding of the other after the talk.

I'm not gonna take this course this semester though. Maybe next year.