I drove my wife's car (a 2001 Hyundai Accent) to the bus station today, and after work, as I pulled into the driveway, I had a monumental brain fart.

I left the car in neutral as always, however I failed to set the handbrake. My driveway is an inclined gravel carport, roughly 2.5 car lengths long. It has a waist high brick wall on the drivers side (getting higher as you go down the driveway) and a carport overhead, supported by steel beams, one of which comes out the top of said wall. 

I stepped out the drivers door, and took a step away from the car. It was my neighbour across the street that alerted me to the problem. He must have seen it start to move, so he shouted. 

I jumped towards the drivers seat to hit the brake pedal with my foot. This is what followed:

I was hit by the still open drivers door, and knocked to the ground, then dragged downhill. The door hit the steel beam of the carport, with my hand/wrist caught between. My hips were slammed between the door and the bricks, and my knees were dragged along the gravel. My right ankle was run over by the front wheel of the car. I was left in a heap, and the car rolled I've the street, and into my neighbours yard. It stopped short of his hedge/house (lucky!) and sat on his front lawn.

I am fine, with only some cuts, a sprained ankle, and a lot of bruises on my hips, legs and arms. Plus some gravel rash of course. 

The car has a ruined drivers door, which I will now need to replace. My pride... Yeah that's gone. 

I think the worst part is how my wife is taking it all. Shes not stopped picking fun at me since it happened. An example:

Her: "You're an idiot."

Me: "I am aware."

Her: "No,  you're not a were, you're an idiot all the time."


So there you have it.

TL;DR I ran over myself with my wife's car, and I doubt I'll ever live it down.


Edit: For everyone telling me to dump my wife,  I think there's some context missing. I'm from Australia, and it is very common to rib each other on a regular basis. If i had been seriously hurt, she would only have been 100% supportive and helpful. I wasn't, so the correct response is to laugh at me for it. 

Please stop berating my wife, I put those lines in there because I thought they were funny and clever. 

It's possible you missed the joke (being the were- animal humour) 

For everyone asking for photos, I'll be posting some later this morning. 

Edit 2: album here: 
http://imgur.com/a/hmGoU

Note the damage to the door, and the wall I was dragged down. The yard you can see is the neighbour. 