Obligatory: this happened last nigh, so still within 24 hours.

My friend (whom we will call Jake), got dumped by his girlfriend for someone else. Knowing him since early teens, i knew he always took stuff like this too hard. I immedietally called him when i found out. He was already a crying mess. So being the good friend i am, i offered to go out for drinks so he can take his mind off her. We go into a nice bar and have us a few beers. I took the classic route: ''Bruh she wasn't worth it, there are other fish in the sea, she was a ho i told you, bla bla bla'' but no that wasn't working (in retrospect: when did that ever work?) Jake only got mildly drunk (he is a very lightweight drinker) and that only make him more miserable.

So we got out of the bar. Keep in mind that i was also tipsy as well. But i knew i shouldn't leave him alone in a state like that, so i said that we could take his laptop from his dorm, then go into my place, order some pizza and play some Counterstrike. So we played for around two hours, eating pizza and drinking more beer. After seeing that Jake's mood finally improved i decided to (note that we are both drunk at this point) gift him a game from Steam. Jake likes adventure games very much, so i search for adventure games and this game called Life is Stange pops up. I saw that it had very positive reiviews, and instantly gifted him a copy. When he saw the game (that we both didn't know much about beforehand) he got happy and started downloading it right away. I was very tired at that point, so i told him i was going to sleep because i have a class tomorrow and went off the bed.
I woke up at noon, because drunk me set the alarm at 8:00 PM. I instanlty recognize an acrid, weird smell hung in the air. I got out of the room and see him laying facedown on his puke, a half finished bottle of vodka in hand. I go into instant panic mode, screaming ''oh shit fuck shit'' and frantically checking to see if he's breathing. He is alive, but i can't wake him up at all. I had to call an ambulance. They came in and took him off after 10 minutes. I followed them to the hospital. The doctors told me that he won't have any lasting harm but he probably won't wake up for half a day or so. I left my number to a nurse to call me when he woke up, and went back to my house to clean up the mess.

The pool of dried puke proved to be more than i could deal with. I called some cleaning guys to deal with it. I had to pay extra when they saw the mess. Then i took Jake's laptop with me to the bedroom, plugged it in and tried to boot it up to pass time. Surprisingly, it wasn't turned of at all and the game i bought was running. Might as well see what this game is about, so i started a new save file and played from the begginning. For the uninitiated: It starts out just like another high school drama where our character has a superpower. Cliché. But then things got interesting, then things got so interesting that i couldn't get up except bathroom breaks, then the game took a very unexpected trip on the feels train that i was played it in teared-up mode for the last hour. By the ending i was loudly crying my fucking ass off (check the reactions on forums). I turned it off, went back to my freshly cleaned living room and took a large gulp from Jake's leftover vodka.

After drying my tears off i got curious about how far did Jake play. So i went back to his laptop and boot it up to see his save file. FUCKING COMPLETED. Only then i realized what the fuck have i done. If the game made me cry like a fucking bitch then i coulnd't even imagine what did it do to him after a fresh breakup. Might as well snuff a fire out by pouring gasoline over it. So here i sit, waiting a call from the hospital while wanting to slap myself.

TL;DR: Friend is dealing with a break up. Buy Life is Strage to help him deal with it. The game fucks him up even more.

Edit: He woke up! He's still hammered though. He swears he will never play anything else i buy him ever again. :D

Edit 2: Guys seriously i'm not trying to market this game. I would post this without even giving the game's name away if i could. Stop accusing me of marketing :D