This did actually happen today, about an hour and a half ago.

I recently started working a job in a county courthouse that requires me to arrive at 8am. I typically get to the courthouse around 7:40 and, while I'd prefer to head right to my desk and get an early start on my day, due to union rules I'm not technically allowed to enter my office until 8am exactly. So typically, I stop at the courthouse coffee shop which opens at 730am. 

Side note, I HATE having coins, and this coffee shop only accepts cash. They have a cup positioned right in front of the cash register for "take a penny, leave a penny" purposes. So I use this very frequently, and unfortunately, I'm usually taking more than leaving. I know I know, it's bad karma but I really hate coins. They're like little subway handrails that you carry around in your pocket, it's disgusting. 

So today, I pour my coffee, walk up to the register and an greeted by a very cheery high school student with special needs. This is common as the county allows them to volunteer at the shop as a means of gaining experience to help them find a paying job. I put my coffee down and rings up the transaction. It comes to $1.06 and all I have is a $20 bill. So I reach into the cup, as I've been many mornings prior, and grab six cents to hand to her. The look on her face tells me something is wrong. She then informs me that the cup is a collection cup for donations for the special needs volunteers. As my brain is trying to process the fact that for weeks I've been blatantly helping myself to the money in this cup, right on front of plenty of the volunteers and other employees of the court house. I insist that can't be the case, as I've used it before. She then spins the cup around to show that it says "donations for our volunteers" The rest of the transaction is dead silent. She hands me my change which immediately dump into the donation jar and mutter a weak "im sorry" as I slink away. 

TL; DR TIFU by stealing donations from special needs children. 


Edit; apparently the dick move in this post is me abusing the take a penny leave a penny system. I do typically break a bill at the end of the week and dump the remaining 94 cents into the cup. so I end up giving more than I take. Just clarifying.

Also, front page is pretty neat

Edit: I worded the giving taking part wrong. I was saying I tr to put money in when I can, but I usually still take more than I give. 