Long-time lurker, first post! 
*This happened when I was but a young, dumb lad, about fourteen years ago.*

If anyone remembers what airports were like in October of 2001, then this story will make a lot more sense. Only a month after the awful 9/11 attacks, my parents decided it would be a lovely time to take a good ol' family trip to Disneyland. We left home (Canada) without any problems - airport security was immense, police presence pretty heavy - but nothing that we didn't expect. Some of the extra security was a little scary (as I was seven), but I was too excited for Disneyland to care all that much.

As expected, Disneyland was all that a little boy could want. We rode the rides, we ate the food, and most importantly, I bought a huge helium mickey-mouse shaped balloon that I *loved*. The kind of inexplicable, irreversible love that any young child develops for a new toy. Like I *really fucking loved* this balloon. 

The day after I purchased my priceless treasure, it was time to leave. Now our family was prepared for extra airport security, but we had *no idea* what was in store for us when traveling out of the US.  American security made Canadian security look like semi-retired mall cops. 

Fast-foward to the security line headed out of Anaheim. I was happily holding my beloved balloon, completely oblivious to the army of TSA officers, hi-tech security machinery, and immense police presence surrounding me. When the family in front of us began the process of opening their bags, taking off shoes, etc, my mother realized that I probably wouldn't be able to bring a giant bag of helium aboard a plane. Just before we stepped forward to get screened ourselves, she told me to dispose of the balloon. So like any smart rational seven year old, I popped it. 

Holy hell. The sound alone of the giant balloon popping sounded like a miniature explosive. All hell broke loose. People all around us started crying (yes crying, this was a month after 9/11), sirens started blaring (complete with flashing lights), and about 10 men dressed in hardcore military get-up rushed in, pointing their ~~fully automatic~~ really big and terrifying weapons at my *entire family*. Of course, we were all detained.

Four hours later we weren't on our plane, but instead were just being released from the hell that is the TSA airport-prison. After countless interviews, questions, and additional screenings, we were allowed to rebook a flight and return home that night. 

Tl;dr, popped a ballon in security shortly after the 9/11 attacks, almost got my entire family arrested / shot.

Edit: Gun fact. Not sure if they were automatic, but TSA doesn't carry automatic weaponry so thought I'd edit for improved accuracy (thanks to paxgarmana for pointing that out).

Edit 2: Front page?! Wow, thank you! Didn't expect my first post to blow up like this, made my week!