Lemme see how I can start this... So every day I look forward to going to my history class, I love history. So my super chill teacher, who is really more of a role model to me than a teacher. He decided that our class has been working hard in preparation for finals, and that we should watch some show called "The Office."

So the open scene shows some lad talking about how bosses are like teachers, and the boss said that teachers also bang students, akin to bosses banging coworkers.

Well, I didn't quite catch that part, I'm kind of hard of hearing. I only caught the part about how bosses are like very good teachers and that some bosses are good teachers or something like that, I didn't really catch it.

Here's the fuck up; He asked me if I was enjoying the show. "Stevie," he said. "Are you enjoying this show brotha'?" And I tried to come up with some witty comeback, and unfortunately I need to work on thinking before I say something. I said; "Yeah! This show seems like an autobiography of your life." And I didn't hear or realize that I said that right after the big boss guy said; "Also teachers bang their students."

He looked at me for one second, and said; "Dude that's so disrespectful." It took me a second to think and I said "I've never seen The Office... Sorry dude... What's the show about?" And he just said; "Turn around, please." In one of the most upset voices I've ever heard. I did as he said, and he was so mad that he turned off the show and said we had to read from our textbook for the rest of class.

I was very confused of why he was mad, and someone explained me the context. I felt very bad, and I went up to him and said; "Hey, can we talk about this?" He just told me to go and sit down. So I started writing an apology note. At the end of class, I successfully wrote a one and a half page note.

After class I said; "Now do you want to talk about it?" He said; "Sure, what you said was very inappropriate and mean spirited. I was so embarrassed by what you said." And I tried to explain to him the context in which I heard it in, but he didn't want to hear it. I gave him my apology note, and he said "Thanks, for that, I want to talk about this on Friday." And usually when he says he wants to talk later, I know he's going to throw some sort of detention at me.

I wanted to say more, but I choked on my tears and left. When I got home I started bawling like a baby. Not because I don't want to get in trouble, but because I had lost one my friends today.

Teacher, you told me you lurk Reddit. If you see this, I hope you can forgive me one day. I really didn't mean to imply that you're a pedophile. I know your passion is teaching, and please don't feel down...

TL;DR: Watched The Office, tried to make a witty remark, now my teacher and friend hates me.

**UPDATE**: I'm going to school now, I'll report back in a few hours.

Ok, so I decided to use Reddit's advice and just not approach him and have him approach me about it. I went in to take my exam, and he said; "Might want to move your backback, Stevie." And gave me a pat on the back. Also someone at my school showed this post to him, so I suppose he isn't mad at me anymore, which puts me at ease.


