So, I'd got pretty drunk with my girlfriend and a married couple we're friends with, and was appropriately hungover this morning. I walked my gf to work and then started to make my way home. 
My apartment is like an hour walk away from hers, and I'm starting to feel my beeriod coming on, and realise I'm not going to make it back without making a pit stop on the way.

Now, I have this thing about hating using Starbucks bathrooms without having bought anything, and I wasn't in the mood to go anywhere I had to talk to anyone. Luckily, I know the National Art Gallery is both free, and has really nice bathrooms. 

This is when the fuck-ups started. I'm *profoundly* hungover, so I don't think it's a big deal when the nearest door I find isn't the big one, and has a guard posted at it. He's busy talking to a woman so I just walked on in. I realised pretty quickly that I was in the wrong section, so tried to get to the main gallery. 

So I go downstairs and can see a part of the gallery I recognise through a glass door, and luckily there's a guy going through. I was too far away to get through with him and hate making noise too much to hail him, so I just watched the code he put in from the end of the hallway and copied it. Lo and behold, it actually worked.

I go and answer the call of nature, and decide I'm gonna have a bit of a jolly and look at some paintings. So, I'm having a great time looking at a portrait of a woman partying down with some jank-ass cherubs and shit, when I decide I'm too hungover to deal with art anymore. So, I tried to get out. 

Except I couldn't. The door was locked, and I must've set off an alarm or something when I tried to open it, because about two minutes later this giant security guard comes up behind me and says "Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to come with me, or I'm calling the police."

Luckily, I think he realised I wasn't an art thief by the fact I was whistling really loudly when he found me and had spent most of the time verbally mocking the paintings. Apparently the art gallery wasn't open for another half hour, which I didn't know. So I got escorted out by Big McLargehuge, and then made my way home, where obviously my first recourse was to tell reddit.

tl;dr -  Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who break into an art gallery

EDIT: RIP in peace my inbox