So this happened to me a few days ago. 

I am heading back to Toronto after a lovely Christmas in Belize. I am in line to clear customs at the Houston airport, because for some reason you need to clear US customs even if you're transiting through to Canada.

Since the line is moving so slowly, they move all the Toronto people to another, slightly less slow-moving line. I am at the back of the line, along with a girl from South Korea. She seems very worried that she is going to miss her flight (which is going to leave in about 15 minutes). I tell her that we are on the same flight, and do my best to assure her that we're going to make it. We are indeed cutting it very close, but I try to distract her by making small talk.

Right before it is my turn to speak to the customs agent, she says to me, "I'm sorry to ask you this, but do you mind if we go together?" I interpret this as her asking if it is okay if we go to the gate together. It is obvious that English is not her first language, so I thought she was worried she would get lost. I reluctantly agree; even though I don't want to miss my flight, it wouldn't be right to leave someone like that. As I am walking up to the customs agent, I see her walking with me. Turns out she did not mean "go together" to the gate, but rather "go together" through customs. 

Now, you have to understand, I am a young, South Asian male in an American airport. At the time I not only had a two-week beard (didn't bother bringing a razor to Belize), but was also wearing a shemagh around my neck. I feared that once the customs agent saw through our ruse, that I would be taken to the back and cavity searched.

The agent looks at our passports, then at us. Looks at our customs forms. Back at us. Passports. Custom forms. Back at us. Finally he says, "I'm trying to determine if y'all are married." I reply, "Not yet…" and laugh nervously. After what seems like an eternity he tells us we are free to go.

We now have less than five minutes before our flight leaves. We are in Terminal A and our gate is in Terminal E. We basically sprint the entire way there and make it just as they are about to close the gate. We make it to our seats – which are coincidentally next to each other – laughing and congratulating ourselves on a job well done.

I figure that I should take this time to get to know my new fake wife-to-be. It is a three hour flight after all, and she seems cool enough. I ask her what she was doing in Belize. "Working at the Ministry." Wow! Like the Ministry of Finance? Or Agriculture? She must be super smart to work for the government of another country. What's more attractive than an intelligent woman?

Turns out she didn't say Ministry. She said missionary. She was working as a missionary. "I'm a Jehovah's Witness." she explains. After an awkward pause, she asks, "Do you know about Jehovah's Witnesses?"

At this point I know I'm screwed. If I say no, she'll tell me about Jehovah's Witnesses. If I say yes, she'll ask me what I know, and then tell me about Jehovah's Witnesses.

Needless to say, when we reached Toronto three hours later, I regretted not leaving her at customs.

TL;DR Risked my anus (at least in my mind) to help a stranger catch her flight, ended up getting missionary for three hours.

**Edit** [Hilarious narration](http://youtu.be/bKas_GbhOMA) by /u/Cyae1 (thanks!)

Yes, I suppose I could have politely told her I wasn't interested. I honestly kept thinking she was going to stop at any minute and didn't want to hurt her feelings.