So this happened last night, me and my fiancée got engaged in November, Due to some family medical Mumbo-Jumbo we only got round to having an engagement party this evening at her mums so our parents and families could meet.

Everything was going fine, I had a few Guinness before we went to her mums and my tummy was a little gammy but I figured I'd be fine if I switched to whiskey and then I could enjoy a nice long Poop when I got home.
Now her mum is the kinda lady who believes she's the upper of the upper class, she is never not composed or proper, A few months ago she had her hip replaced and has been in a wheelchair since and is getting along fine but it was the main reason to have our engagement shindig at her place.

So everyone's being friendly and happy, begining to plan our wedding for us after a few drinks, me and the fiancée are really glad everyone gets along and the night is going great, Until her mum drops a glass of sauvignon blanc.
Me being the chivalrous fella I am leap to clean the broken glass, As I did I felt a turn in my stomach but by then I was already bent over in front of my mother in law reaching for the glass, my ass is about 15 inches from her face.
I felt the pressure first, That dull pushing sensation against my butthole, it was like time stood still, if only it had.

In a half a second I erupted in the loudest wettest fart I've ever produced, It sounded like a skeksis drowning and the warm blast of gas was soon replaced with the wet dripping sting of liquid poo running down my legs like blue jeans in a white wash.

My mother in law immediately began to throw up, I stood up quick enough to have her puke on the bottom of my new suit trousers and brown leather boots.
My fiancé went bright red, My mom and dad laughed, my sister screamed at the smell and her brothers howled with laughter and my mother in law, the poor posh woman just kept cursing through vomit and tears.
I went and cleaned up, thankfully with a change of trousers from her brother and tried to block out the noise and laughter coming from the living room and shortly after I excused myself for not feeling well.
So now I'm at home, fiancée hasnt said much and I don't think I can ever look her family in the eye again.

TL;DR - Shit myself when I bent over in front of my mother in law to clean up spilt wine.

EDIT : Front page! Holy shart! 

My fiancée ( &lt;-with Two e's)  has now randomly read this while scrolling reddit and wants me to explain she wasn't upset with me she just wanted to make sure her mum didn't have pink eye before she laughed, having read all these comments we both think it's pretty funny although we won't be going to her mums for Sunday dinner this week. 

So its win win really. 