Ok this didn't happen today, it happened quite a long time ago.

I was working at a print shop. I'd only been working there for a month or so, and still trying hard to impress the boss so he'd eventually let me do some design work instead of just printing shit out for people all day.

I tried to avoid customer service as much as possible. I was an awkward 19yr old. I usually made myself busy whenever I saw someone walking towards the front door, hoping another person would take care of them.

Well today I was the only person available. Everyone else was at a lunch meeting a few doors down. A customer walks in and they proudly place their brand new diploma on the counter, and ask me if I could laminate it.

I didn't want to. I've seen all sorts of shit happen with that laminating machine. One time I lost an entire document inside it - I put it in, and it came out as a wrinkly ball of plastic disappointment. So I tried to stall the customer, hoping like hell my boss would come back and sort it out. Being a Diploma I couldn't just make a photocopy as a spare if I fucked up the first one. I only had one shot.

I ran out of things to talk about in regards to our laminating service. I knew the time had come to do the deed. I picked up the Diploma, walked over to the laminating machine and just went for it. It came out fucking perfectly! Straight. Not a bubble. Smooth. I was so proud of myself.

I walked back to the counter with a grin on my face like when you're walking towards someone you know but you're too far away to start talking but you're terrible at acting cool..

I put the perfectly laminated diploma on the counter and then I see it. A long, black, curly pube. Right there, next to their name. It almost looked like a flourish, like it was part of the design. But no, there was no hiding it. Something that was probably attached to my balls earlier that day, was now a permanent part of this stranger's life. 

I didn't know what to do. I quickly turned it over, grabbed a paper bag and slid it inside. I told them "ahh don't worry about it" in regards to payment. I wanted them out. They were very grateful. They picked it up and walked out.

For the next few weeks I had to hide every time I heard to bell when someone came into the shop. Just incase my pube recipient had returned.

Maybe they never saw it? Maybe my pube is still there, proudly displayed on their wall... I just don't know.

TL;DR - Laminated a pube into a customer's diploma. Still don't know if they have seen it yet.