Background: So I work as a Chef at a pretty popular restaurant in (city withheld).


Since September has begun we've been taking in a few students from local high schools to assist in the kitchen. It's nothing special really: washing the dishes, taking out garbage, preparing very simple ingredients. It's a pretty positive co-op program for kids who wish to get into any trade schools. This semester we've taken in three students, one of whom has Down syndrome.
Let's call the special needs kid Ricky for the story's sake. Ricky's got a strong work ethic, very positive, and to be honest seems to be more capable than the other two idiots we have working with us. I could go on a tirade about them, but this is my TIFU and not a time to get something off my chest.

Tuesday nights are nights when students are allowed to work as long as they want for more money (it's great for people who don't want to find a different job) and of course Ricky wants to stay until close. It's great for me, since with two cooks sick today the cleanup process would be forever and a day. With time winding down and the restaurant about to close, I told Ricky he could put some unused ingredients back in the walk-in freezer and take a break after he was done. A few cooks and I finished the cleanup work and we got ready to go home. I did a quick inventory of the kitchen and saw Ricky's sweater was gone so I assumed he went home. Naturally I thought nothing of it and left.

I get home, pour myself a few vodka shots (high-functioning alcoholic here, yeah sorry Mom) and read a bit before passing out in bed. About two hours ago I get a phone call and my boss is screaming at me. Ricky's parents have called the cops as well as the restaurant owner. Ricky was missing.

Of course since I was the last person to see him I was considered somewhat liable for this. My boss was having a conniption and a half by calling me every 10 minutes while I drove down to the restaurant. Ricky wasn't answering his phone and I was getting legitimately worried. I have a history of not working well with high school students, but I really liked this kid and wanted him to be safe.

I get to the restaurant to find my boss, several cops, what appeared to be Ricky's parents and... Ricky. Thank fuck he was found and my worries had come to an end... or so I thought.
It turns out Ricky interpreted my telling him to take a break after putting unused ingredients in the freezer... to take a break in the freezer. Naturally (or thankfully) he brought his sweater in with his Nintendo DS into the freezer. He didn't know how to use the emergency escape or notification (we show all the new people how to use it in the event they're trapped in a fridge or freezer) and left his phone in one of the closets. I was just so happy to see he was okay I gave him a hug. I've never felt someone so cold in my life. Surely hypothermia and pneumonia.

My woes didn't end there.

"StayChilly, you smell like bugspray."

"What do you mean Ricky?" 

"Your breath smells like mosquito spray."

The cops look at me and lean in to smell the vodka shots I had a few hours prior on my breath. I'm immediately forced to take a breathalyzer test (passed) while being judged by pretty much everyone present.

It gets worse.

After I hugged Ricky he looks at my chest and, well, cold does things to people's nipples. In my haste I forgot to put on a bra and had nipplus erectus as my ex used to call it. Ricky, although innocent, loudly blurts "Are you turned on StayChilly?" By this point I'm so embarrassed and ashamed my face is red as can be. In one night I successfully lock a kid with Down syndrome in a freezer, forget about him, take a breathalyzer test, and forget a bra at the most inopportune time... ever.

...my boss hasn't returned any calls or texts in the hours after.
 
...coworkers are asking my recipe for "Tard-sicles". 

...Ricky's been at the hospital telling people he turns me on.

I'm dreading tomorrow morning.

EDIT: So work has definitely been interesting. If anyone works in a kitchen they'll know any story travels incredibly fast. The two cooks that were sick? As soon as I got in today they were singing 

*Let him go! Let him goooooo!*
*Can't freeze special-ed kids anymore!*
*Let him go! Let him goooooo!*
*Take a break and slam the door!*

People have started calling me Elsa.

It gets somewhat better I suppose. I've got several angry phone calls from Ricky's school and his parents for being so negligent. My boss has been trying to laugh it off, but at the same time he's throwing me under the bus so I can take full responsibility (which I should, I didn't check the freezer) in the event the restaurant gets blamed. I'm amazed with all the feedback, wow! 

Ricky's got mild hypothermia but is expected to recover fully. He doesn't seem too mad. 

I'll keep you all updated as the day progresses!

Edit II: So I went to the hospital to visit Ricky and drop off a large serving of our soup-of-the-day. His parents aren't talking to me and nearly sent me on my way. Ricky's brother, a redditor who saw this post on the front page, thanked me for the kind gesture and also complimented me for my terminology regarding persons with Down syndrome. I'm still scared as hell that the parents are going to take legal action.

Also thank you very much to whoever gave me gold for this post! I can't thank you guys enough!