TIFU by having my penis touched for the first time. 

I've made some edits to the story so hopefully it is easier to read. Sorry that it was poorly written before. 

---
When I was younger, I went on a lot of mission trips with my church. This takes place the summer after my 15th birthday.

We all piled into the Astrovan, 8 of us. My best friend growing up (let's call him Sam), the main female in the story (let's call her Hanna), and I took the back seats. She made herself comfortable between us in the middle of the backrow. Soon, we were all piled in, the engine sputtered to life, and we were off. The trip this year was in Ohio. It was roughly a three hour trip from home. 

Maybe fifteen minutes into the trip, Hanna brought out this massager. You may remember the type: green, four pronged, vibrating? We took turns giving each other innocent massages, but slowly, it's vibrations shook a palpable sexual tension over the back three seats of the van. It definitely was not uncommon to feel that way back then, but this was the first time I knew a female was feeling it about me, too. 

Her massage found its way to my legs. A glancing buzz to my thigh. Oddly enough, it was not just me getting the deluxe treatment. Sam as well was being given the same Genital teasing flyover. She was buzzing our towers, closer than Tom Cruise in Top Gun.  

Then, as things reached a critical crossroads, Sam passes me a note by way of his phone's notepad. "Let her massage your dick," it said. I was shy, very shy, but there was nothing hesitant about the urgent fashion i pecked out the letters N-O on that T9 keyboard. My urgency and reluctance, however, had met its match in Sam's ability to manipulate simple text. As quickly as I had typed no, he changed it to yes and "accidentally" let Hanna see. 

Now, one thing we can all agree on, is a young, inexperienced male in the heat of puberty can be seduced by nothing more than a breeze. I was no different. Moments later, her hand had slid up my gym shorts and her hands began to explore my crotch. I positioned a blanket over my lap and more or less gave her free reign of my undercarriage. Now, despite my lifelong anticipation for what was now happening, it was accompanied by a sudden, saddening realization that she had not developed the same deft stroke that I had grown accustomed. I was the opposite of "enjoying it", but had enough worldly awareness to realize what was happening was too rare for me to reject. The setting wasn't great, Her technique was worse, but I hope that you all will understand why I felt obligated to try my best to appreciate my circumstances. 

Fast-forward AN HOUR. Imagine all the ways Cosmopolitan had steered this poor girl wrong, and sympathize with me. I was paying the price of years of poorly researched techniques in somehow trustable printed ink. The fact that this treasonous act was still being performed on my royal jewels that long after should be evidence enough of her lack of prowess. There was a lot of squeezing and tugging, not things I would ordinarily associate with enjoyment in those regions. 

After a little more than an hour total, The Astrovan stopped for lunch. As did the other vehicles. It was a great but only temporary reprieve. Sam had a PB&amp;J sandwich and a laugh at my suffering. I don't remember having much of an appetite. 

Now let me remind you at this junction that we were on a mission trip, through our church, with my church's youth group. The mission trip was to last 5 days. We'd brought sleeping bags, pillows, and blankets so we'd be comfortable sleeping on the floor of a community center gymnasium. Okay. Got it? Now let's continue. 

My reprieve, as I stated before, was only temporary. When we were back on the road, Sam and I flipped our places in the back of the van, presumably to give Her other arm a rest. Almost immediately, It began again. I pulled my hat over my eyes, faking sleep, but the rise and fall of my blanket in my lap proved my restlessness. Some THIRTY MINUTES later, something happened. Something that gave me reasonable cause to write in to Cosmo's Complaint Department and file a full-fledged grievance. The basketball shorts I was wearing hardly provided barrier to my more "protected" assets. Her hand, being slid up my shorts, was right there...Some guys like fingers in their rectum, I get that, but that section of the article should've been prefaced with adequate prerequisite stipulations. 1) never in a van, 2) never while with your church group 3) never suddenly, aggressively, or 4) while wearing sharp gel nails. Fuck, man. 

This entire time, Sam is very aware of my displeasure. I think he may of giggled, just then. 

Fast forward FIVE MORE MINUTES. Sam, somehow still thoroughly entertained, in a merciful act of triage, gives Her some much needed pointers. "Pointers" of a completely different variety, if you catch my drift. I think he gestured to her the proper technique because suddenly things got a lot more focused in a great way. 

Suddenly, it become pleasurable. The pleasure grows. Finally, in much the fashion you'd expect of someone in my situation, I was not far from relief. This is where I unintentionally manufactured my revenge on this penal penile perpetrator. I lifted the blanket off my crotch as I orgasmed, exposing my cock and creating an uncertainty as where the explosion would go. Her reaction, perhaps also from lack of real-life experience, was to raise a shield to protect herself from what I can only guess she assumed would be enormous, and deadly. And actually, to my surprise as much as hers, it was. It absolutely devastated her shield. Which was her pillow. The one that she would be sleeping on for the next five nights...

She made a sound then. Not a grunt, or a scream. Not a sound that has a name. For the sake of building it with your imagination, let's call it the "someone jizzed EVERYWHERE" sound. Fleeting innocence, utter shock, sadness, fury, all boiled down into one cacophonous squeal. 

We haven't spoken since. 

-------
TLDR: My first handjob lasted two hours. Got a finger in my butt. Finally came on the pillow the girl was going to need for the next week. 