TIFU by accidentally getting my cleaning lady high as fuck

So yesterday, I had a friend that was going to come over to play some Mario Kart in the afternoon.  The problem was, I had told my cleaning lady, an older Hispanic lady in her 60s, to come over at 3PM and she likes to have the place to herself when she cleans, which meant that either I had to tell her or my friend to come earlier.  I messaged Maria and she agreed to come earlier at 11AM which would coincide well with a lunch meeting I had to be at. I gave her the normal $100 plus an extra $20 for being willing to come early and not giving me a hard time and then left the house, figuring she'd be gone by the time I got back.

I pull into my parking spot and see that her car is still there.  Hmmm, that's strange.  Wonder what took so long?  My place is not that big and she did say she had extra energy today which sounded to me like she thought she'd be finished by the time I got home.  

As I open the door I can see the place is almost finished.  Pretty nice job as usual, Maria!  But then she looks at me with terror in her eyes.  She says, "I ate the chocolate."  

You wot, m8?  

She says she ate the chocolate and now feels…kinda weird.  Kinda tired.  I said OMG Maria, you ate the wrong chocolate!  She ate an entire Strawberry Wafflecone Zenbar THC-infused edible!  This was a freebie from a dispensary I got a couple months ago that I left lying around because I didn't want to fuck with it because it didn't say how much THC was in it.  Anybody who's tried edibles before knows that you can easily eat way more than you need to and thus, it's better to err on the side of caution and dose small at first.

Maria asks me if she's gonna die.  I think about it for a second and remember that nobody in the history of planet earth has ingested so much THC that they died from it.  However, with my luck, this could easily be the first case in history of that happening.  

I laughed and told her, No Maria you're not gonna die, but you might have a bad trip.  I tell her that it was marijuana in the chocolate and asked how long ago she ate it.  She said 30 minutes so I suggested she throw it up so as to save herself from letting it digest further.  She tried, but to no avail.

I said well Maria, you can chill here until it wears off, you're certainly in no shape to drive.  She begrudgingly agreed and thus began probably the worst trip she's ever had in her life.  This poor lady sat on my couch trying not to die for the next 7 hours.

I searched the interwebs for any information I could find about how much THC was in this bad boy since there was none on the wrapper.  Turns out there's 120mg of THC aka 1.2 grams.  The chocolate bar was sectioned off in 12, meaning she ate 12x a regular dose!!

Then I start searching for anything I can find about what to do when someone's eaten more weed than they should have and the best I can come up with is one post on erowid about how milk and cookies can help sober you up.

My friend agrees to bring milk and cookies and finds Maria on my couch all bundled up in a blanket.  

I tried to sit with her and keep her company, but she wasn't having it.  Tried to turn on the TV or put some music on, wasn't having it.  She told me not to look at her and to "not call any mens (SIC)" which I believe meant that she felt like someone might take advantage of her in her vulnerable state.  Clearly the paranoia has set in.  

Anyways, my friend shows up with the milk and cookies and she agrees to eat one and drink a little milk. 

We play Mario Kart in the other room and check on her every now and then between races.  A couple hours pass, the sun has gone down, she's now 4 hours into the ride of her life when we check on her.  

"I ate all the cookies."  

We laugh our asses off and tell her that that was what they were for and she begins to look a little relieved.  Slowly over the next couple hours, she starts to look less terrified and actually a little refreshed.  My friend leaves to go to dinner with her girlfriends and I make plans to go out as well, telling Maria that I have to leave at 9:30 but that she's more than welcome to stay until she's cool to drive.  

She says my place is scary at night by herself so she's going to sleep in the car if that's ok.  I say sure that's fine, go ahead and that I'd be back to check on her when I got home, but that if she went home to please text me that she made it back.

10:30 rolls around and I'm in the club telling the story to my boys when I get the message:

"I got home thank God!"

PHEW!  Our collective nightmare is over and order has been restored.  But I don't think she will ever ever ever ever eat anything in my house ever again.  

The irony was that if she'd only been a little less picky in her chocolate choices, she woulda been fine.  I'd recently come back to Canada with a huge dark chocolate bar that was easily 3x the size of the edible but she didn't eat that one which was plainly in sight.  Nope, she went for what she thought was the one I'd forgotten about and karma was an instant bitch yesterday.  

Now the only question is: should I call her back to clean next month?

TLDR; My cleaning lady ate an entire fucking edible and spent the afternoon high out of her mind on my couch. 

BONUS: Maria on the ride of her life
[http://imgur.com/4ipyYw7](http://imgur.com/4ipyYw7)

**EDIT:**  Thanks for the gold!  Made the front page for the first time ever!  

Here are some replies to frequent comments:

- I hadn't seen the Al Madrigal bit until now but that shit is hella funny.  I can 100% assure you that this really did happen on Friday.
- I did offer to drive her home early in the afternoon and my friend certainly woulda followed in her car but she wasn't having it because her family was at home and she was freaking out.
- By the time 9:30 rolled around she was definitely down from a [10] to a [3] and looked visibly refreshed.  My parking garage is underground and gated/covered so she was in no danger to chill down there for a bit.  Based on when I got the text message and when I left, she chilled for half an hour and bounced.
- Turns out 120mg is only .12 grams, not 1.2 so PHEW!  Thank God my metric math sucks!!  She'd prolly still be trippin' if it were more!
- For the record I didn't take the photo, my friend did.  She was like "LET'S TAKE A PICTURE!!" and I said no, but she did it when I was in the other room anyways.  When she showed me at the club (her and her friends showed up later and also thought it was hilarious), I fuckin' died and decided to post it.  Hey at least I blurred her face.  
- The candy bar was definitely labeled: [http://imgur.com/TPHwF10](http://imgur.com/TPHwF10)