As many have asked, here is the not very long awaited ending the the van, the xbox and the tickets. 

Trial was on Friday. Not so much trial as it is just to go down to the court house and see if the crown would consider dropping charges or decreasing the size of the fines. It had been asked lots of times, so the ticket breakdown was 250$ for no registration, 250$ for operating a motor vehicle with and improper license and 2500$ for having no insurance. 

I got to the court house and sat down in the chambers. There were quite a few other people there. It made me feel a lot more comfortable when there are 3 or 4 people being called ahead of me, being charged with theft, attempted murder, etc etc. it's interesting that they have traffic violators and violent offenders at the same place. Small town thing I guess. My name was called, I walked up to the cue. The judge asked me if I would like to speak to duty council. I had never been to a court house in my life and being that I was representing myself, any sort of help seemed reasonable. I agreed and an older gentlemen walked me out of the chamber and into his tiny little office. 

I don't know how or why, but this man was my saving grace. He sits me down and says 'ok, I can likely drop the insurance ticket, just pay the other 2.' So 500$ instead of 3000$ sounds pretty awesome. So he and I walk back I to chambers and I'm called again. This time, the old man stands at the cue for me and asks the judge to drop the one charge. I had never been in trouble before, so the judge looked at my record, turned to me and said 'this the last time I see you?' I reply with a yes ma'am and that was that. Ordered to pay the other 2 fines and my insurance one was dropped. Walked out, did a little thriller dance off with myself and that was that. 

So here I am. I'm not dead. The van is now gone unfortunately. The impound lot held it for a few days now and it racked up an insane amount so we just told em to keep it. Haven't heard from buddy with the Xbox. That's ok. I may have no xbox, no van and not much a social life currently, but I'm alive and I didn't ruin my life for a few days of fun. 

So learn from me and don't be fucking dumb. 

TL;dr got 2 tickets instead of 3 and came out slightly less retarded. 