Today I fucked up because anonymous sex. 

Craigslist is typically a failure, but I've had enough success that I still go back to it now and then. About a month ago I answered an ad for a couple where the husband was going to tie up his wife so I could use her, free to cum where I wanted to. We ended up not meeting, but there had been good contact. 

So yesterday I was responding to craigslist ads, hoping for the best, when I saw the same couple posting. I responded, we chatted a bit and they asked me to come by this morning. 

Bright and early (and horny) I woke up, and started emailing then right away. Apparently they were equally excited and were responding immediately. 

Anyway, about two or three hours later I show up to the house and am greeted by the husband. We talk for a minute as he makes sure I'm safe and I make sure there isn't a hidden axe next to a stack of plastic trash bags. There weren't, and apparently I don't come across as crazy.

Ground rules were: no hurting her, no anal, she stays blindfolded, cum ANYWHERE except in her pussy, and I have to be ok with him jerking off and watching. Deal.

So I went into the room designated, which looked like a tv room. She was blindfolded and tied to an armour thing. I didn't look around too much, but all pictures and stuff were covered or laid down. 

I fucked her from behind like crazy, her husband jerked off. While I was fucking her, I noticed a tattoo of a star on her shoulder but thought nothing of it. I fucked her like that for about 10 minutes and she was groaning heavily. Eventually he got in front of her and she gave him head while I kept fucking. Shortly after, it was time to cum and I shot it all up her back, even onto her shoulder tattoo. 

Exhausted and hot, I stood there for a moment watching her blow him until I began to feel awkward. I backed up slowly and started putting my clothes back on, and neither of them seemed to notice. I asked if I could grab a drink before I left, and he told me to grab a water bottle off the kitchen table and promptly forgot about me. 

I walked into the kitchen and grabbed the water bottle when I noticed a picture on the fridge - EXACTLY the same picture on my fridge, of my grandma holding my cousins baby (both my grandma and my cousins baby died within a week of eachother from individual natural causes, it was very traumatic for my entire family).

Immediately I went to my car and tried to figure out wtf happened. After about half an hour on Facebook, I found an aunt of mine at a wedding with the husband of the woman I had just fucked. A few clicks around his profile and I saw the picture of MY COUSIN getting a star tattoo. I had not even known she got married, or that she lived in this state again. Hell, I hadn't seen her since we were kids and she had all but become forgotten. 

So that's out, and I guess I'm the only one who knows as long as I continue to avoid family events.

.
.
.



Update: My cousin is a redditor, and now her husband wants to kick my ass? So I'm just gonna stop here and go to sleep while I contemplate whether or not to sleep with a machete. Good night reddit, thanks for helping me feel better. Or shittier. I guess it depends how you look at it. 

To my cousin and her husband: I'm sorry you read this, I didn't think you would, I just assumed it would disappear into the internet. Read what I said please, nothing was disrespectful, and I really did have a good time with you.. this post was not about anything negative, and I swear I will NEVER mention this to anyone ever again. Really, I'm sorry. 