So I posted a topic ranting about my height yesterday that blew up, and my friends have been telling me to "post the yugioh story" here now. I will never be able to live this down - it will follow me and my brother (Chris) for as long as we live. 

Me and Chris are identical twins. We used to look almost exactly the same to the point where my mom could even be fooled by it, and he's my best friend in the world. In 18 years we've never had a real fight. Anyway, we were both always the same height growing up. Seeing who's taller was a frequent playful competition between us, but it'd come down to splitting hairs. Regardless, we were average height for our age all through elementary school until about 7th grade, when we both dipped down to the 10th percentile or so. Our concerned parents took us to the doctor by the end of the year and apparently found our HGH and IGF-1 levels to be extremely low, diagnosing us both with hypopituitarism. We get prescribed HGH injections and get taught how to administer them into our legs by ourselves. 

We *hated* these injections with a passion. We didn't think we needed them and fought our parents constantly about it, especially because we had to do it every single night. Our parents told us we would just have to do it until we got back to the 50th percentile of height. They felt terrible making us do this though, and said they would buy us each 3 packs of yugioh cards every week as long as we just did it without complaining. Chris started collecting yugioh cards before this and had been dueling his friends during lunch, so I was kinda excited to start making a deck with the packs our parents bought us. After a few weeks I was completely addicted and looked on eBay for cards I needed, researched deck builds, etc. It was really fun actually. 

Meanwhile, Chris had this girl that he was obsessed with. He would always bring her up to me and said he wanted to ask her out, but didn't know how. We find out through a mutual friend that this girl thinks Chris is cute, but too short for her to date (she was 4-5 inches taller or so at the time). 
Chris moped and cried for hours in our room when he heard this. I'd never seen him get so upset over anything before and I felt terrible. 

All of a sudden Chris comes to me with a proposal. He wants to take my injections for a little and offers me his 3 packs of yugioh cards every week for as long as he can have them. In the last 3 months I noticed no difference in height (we actually had both grown an inch) and hated doing them anyway, so I happily agreed to the trade. He only wanted them for a few weeks or months at most, and we both didn't think they even worked. Still, I felt amazing getting 6 packs of cards a week while he obsessed over getting taller, hoping that the double dose would help. He also agreed to let me take both shots later on if I wanted, he just wanted them for now. 

We got this by our parents and pulled this off for 11 months. In that time Chris had shot up 7 inches to 5'5", and I only grew one inch to 4'11". My poor mom took to so many doctors, and none of them understood how I wasn't growing like Chris was. High school started, Chris asks the girl out a week into school and she said yes! They are still together 4 years later, but that's besides the point. As a 4'11" freshman guy I felt so damn overwhelmed by high school and decided to ask Chris for my share back. I still played yugioh but was moving past it quickly, and I realized that I needed to start the HGH very very soon. He asked to do them until New Years, at which time I could take both back for myself if I wanted them. Sounded good to me. 

Well I couldn't wait that long. I was SO short for my age and Chris was starting to look huge next to me, so we switched after thanksgiving instead. I was still 4'11" and he was now 5'8", and our extended family was shocked to see Chris (but not me) 9 inches taller than he was during last year's family party. I hated the huge height difference between us now so much and needed to start the shots immediately. Everyone reassured me that I'd be fine and was just a late bloomer. I started the 2 per day injection routine with lots of excitement this time. 

By the end of 9th grade we both saw an endocrinologist (mainly for me), who took x-rays of our bones. Then she drops this on us: we were done growing. Completely done growing. We were told to discontinue the shots, as they wouldn't help at all anymore since they had to be administered while the growth plates were still open to be effective. The plates went from wide open to closed for both of us in that one year time span. Chris measured in at 5'10.5 that day, and I was still 4'11" and 1/2". I couldn't believe it.  In a fluster, I explained to my parents/the doctor what Me and Chris did this whole time and needed to know if it could be fixed. She tells me she can't help me anymore - I should've listened to her and done my own injections. We were literally "grounded" by our parents for over a month after this meeting. 

By senior year we had topped out - Chris was 5'11" and I made it to 5'0" and 1/4". Being this height as a guy sucks more than anything. The worst part is that I did it to myself too. Chris apologized so many times and even cried with me once about it. We are still just as close as ever, but it sucks that he doesn't have to endure any of the issues I have related to height. 

I just started college (penn state) and everyone is just massive here. I feel like an actual midget a lot of the time and get shit for my height every single day. I fucked up big time and never imagined a little agreement from 5 years ago would alter my entire life forever. 

I still have a kickass yugioh deck though. 