I made a hot pocket in the oven last night, and I of course needed to test if it was cool enough to eat. So I used the most appropriate method I could think of, I took a small bite[7]. Superheated "cheese" comes out, but no big surprises there.

I proceeded to devour both pockets and sooth my burning lips and mouth with an icy beer. I went about my night and everything was normal. This morning I noticed I had burned my bottom lip near the right corner. It wasn't too bad, just a small blister I noticed while shaving. 

I went to work and went about my day, and proceeded to forget about my burned lip. I got off work and met up with my girlfriend. She gives me a big kiss, which then pops the blister. She pulls away quickly as I reach towards the blister. She looks at my lip and asks me what is on it. I say it's just a blister, but she just keeps staring and analyzing it. After a minute she picks up her purse and says, "no, that's herpes", calls me an asshole and accused me of cheating on her. She tells me we're over and started freaking out that she now has herpes. I keep trying to tell her it's a hot pocket burn as she leaves the bar, but she just stormed out flipping me the bird while everyone just gave me a death stare. 

I checked out myself in the mirror and the blister popped really badly, it looks pretty nasty, but I don't think it looks like herpes. 

This all happened an hour ago and she's not answering my texts or calls.

Tldr: I ate a hot pocket, burned my lip, gf left me cause the burn kind of looks like herpes. 


Photo of blister: http://imgur.com/6ijz9k0

Update: She still hasn't responded, but thanks for all the support. I dunno what is going on with her, but maybe this was the best hot pocket ever. 

Edit: wow first page! RIP inbox thanks for all the support everybody!

Edit 2: to answer some of the questions, her ass is Kate hot, she is very far in the hot side of crazy/hot scale (I thought less crazy though), and we've been together 2 years. 

Edit 3: thanks for the gold kind stranger!