I tried to post this the other day but like a rookie I didn't know about the weekend rule so I'll try again. Anyway, just like all the other TIFU's this didn't even come close to happening today. This happened after a house party when I was quite a bit younger, I'm now 25 and still get a laugh out of this every now and again.

My Dad was a pretty heavy smoker when I was growing up and he quit just after he got pneumonia, ever since then my Mum had been always onto us about never smoking because it was bad for us and we could die etc etc. Anyway, I went to a house party one Saturday night and was around a lot of kids trying to show how cool they were by smoking 14 packs in one night, which in turn saturated my clothes with cigarette smoke. While all the cool kids where smoking I was 4 knuckles deep in some girl, all while thinking I was in fact the cool kid, because while every other guy was out smoking I was finger banging the bejeezus out of this chick, which while being a young teenager it was up there with cool things to do. Along came midnight and with it, my Mum to pick me up. So I tried my best to make it look like I hadn't been drinking and jumped in the car for the ride home. About two mins into the journey she asked me if I had been smoking because thats all she could smell on my clothes, and me telling her that I hadn't wasn't enough, she wanted some tangible proof, and that my friends, is where I fucked up.

Keep in mind I was only young and had been drinking so for me this all happened pretty fast. The only thing she thought to do to prove my innocence was to smell my fingers and at that stage I was nowhere near fast enough to stop her from grabbing my hand and doing exactly that. Immediate silence fell over the car as my Mother had realised I hadn't been smoking, but instead, I had my fingers rammed in some chicks puss for the past 30 mins. We didn't speak for the rest of the car trip home, she never asked if I had been smoking at a party again, and to this day, I've found its been the most effective way to ever get out of something that someone has accused me of.

TL;DR Went to a party with heaps of people smoking, fingered some girl, Mum smelt my fingers after.

Edit: In regards to the knuckle conundrum yes there is three knuckles per finger BUT I only got in the first two knuckles plus some (probs 98% of a full finger) 2 fingers with two knuckles each = 4 knuckles ;) not sure how anyone thinks they can get the third knuckle in a girls puss without fisting/killing said girl.

Edit 2: Can't believe how much this has blown up, good to see someone else can get a laugh out of this as much as I do. Ty for the gold kind stranger :')