EDIT: THIS STORY MIGHT BE COMING DOWN SOON, MY PARENTS DO NOT WANT TO BE BOTHERED WITH CHRIS CHRISTIE'S POLITICAL CAMPAIGN

Okay, so this is my first Reddit post so please forgive me for formatting errors. I'm also on my phone so spelling errors might occur.


This FU happened 10 years ago, unfortunately I was only 7 at the time so I didn't have access to Reddit. 


Anyway, at that age I absolutely loved astronomy. Everything about it was amazing. I loved the stars, the moon, the milky way, the distant solar anomalies and especially the constellations. The only problem was that I had no idea what to call half of them. I knew the basics, the big dipper and ect. I wish I never loved them as much as I did. My father was amazing. He knew how much I loved looking at the stars all night long so he bought me night sky related toys. Our church even have a blow up rocket ship that he took me to see. My favorite out of all of them was this silver metal green laser. I was never allowed to touch it; but it represented everything the sky was. Bright, colorful, and a learning experience. Because with that Laser to shine the way, my father would teach me all the names of the Stars  (he would buy books to learn them and do research so that when the night came we could go outside on the porch together and he could explain the sky and all of the little myths that went with the stars.)


[EDIT: There wasn't actually a meteor shower, I think I thought there was because of what happens later. The memory is a bit fuzzy and I apologize for that. Just imagine a clear sky and a lot of stars.] One night there was a meteor shower and my dad took me outside to watch with him. He brought the laser with him so that during the shower we could spend some time learning more of the constellations. Sometimes he would repeat old stories like the brothers Gemini and Orion the hunter. But I didn't mind. Each story was told to me as if it was my first time hearing it. This was a few days after New Years Eve. 


During our routine I see a meteor that looked a little odd. It was slower than the others and had been lasting pretty long. I've never seen a comet before, and that's what my little mind thinks it is. So I tell my dad 
about the comet, however he can't see it. That's when he passes the laser to me to point it out. This is the biggest thing in my life at this point. *I* got the laser. *I* was now the master of the universe! So with my 
little heart beating in my ears I pointed it at the comet. I look over at my father and his face has suddenly gotten really pale in the dark. I'm confused when he rips the laser from my small hand and tells me it's time
to go inside. I feel heartbroken, but I was never one to disobey. So I go inside.


The memory gets a little fuzzy here. I remember my mother was making cookies for the next morning and that I was told to go in the bathroom for a shower since my older sister just got finished. In the middle of the shower my mom enters the bathroom and quickly rinses me off and starts to get me dressed before I had even finished. I would have complained but something inside told me to shut up and do as I was told. When we're exiting the bathroom and I'm finally dressed I hear voices coming from downstairs. I don't remember exactly what was said but I could recognize the deep authorative tone. I was scared but still numb from confusion. My mother told my sister and I to stay upstairs while she went down to see my father. 


I looked down the stairwell to see my father talking to three police officers. I was so scared my mind couldn't comprehend was was being said. I sat there and watched as he looked back over his shoulder at me, he was scared. I've never seen my father scared before. I knew I made a mistake I just wasn't sure what it was and I wouldn't know for another 7 years. Well, for a few months after that people started asking my sister and I questions where ever we went. (We were a block from a grocery store and often times we would hold hands and walk together to the store to get milk/eggs ect). They kept asking us about my father and I didn't understand why they wanted to know about him. They asked us if he was abusive and if he hurt us. He never did, he was perfect. Our once quiet street now had a lot of people in it who wanted to talk to us. I was confused but my sister would always answer for me saying things along the lines "we're not supposed to talk to them." I didn't know who they were, but they liked taking pictures of us. 


When my mom found out about them we stopped picking up groceries and were moved next door to our Nana's house. Dad would suddenly go missing for days at a time and we would be visited by random family members. My sister was older than me and I think she understood what was going on but to me it was all so eerie. I don't believed I ever complained. Eventually we went back to school, but even there we were asked questions and the other kids seemed to sit a bit further away during lunch. 


Eventually everything settled down but my mom wanted us to move South, closer to our other family members. For 7 years everything was fine, but then Chris Christie was elected governor and I over heard my parents growling about it. That's when I learned what really happened that night. 


A few nights before my father took me to see the meteor shower a man had tried to take down an airplane with a laser and escaped. He was an actual terrorist and honestly wanted to kill people. The night of the meteor shower I had shined a laser at a comet. Only it wasn't a comet, it was a helicopter. They blamed both "attacks" on my father and when he tried to explain to the police what he had really been doing a rumor spread that he was trying to "blame it all on his daughter." The newspapers threw slander at my family, called us terrorists or just plain morons. My dad was overwhelmed; hell we all were.


We used to love our neighbors but when they were questioned a long time friend of ours said on TV, "He always looked like an evil man." That was it. That one sentence shattered every hope my family had of living where we were. 


Everyone thought my father was evil. The prosecutor was Chris Christie. All my father was guilty of was loving us. I could never understand how it all got so cruel so quickly. My dad got sick after a month or two of the investigation. He still had to attend court and had to sit and answer questions while he was burning with a fever. Eventually he cracked and "confessed" to both crimes. [Edit: My father took a plea bargain option, but it was undoubtedly because of the stress of the entire thing. I'm sure he would have stuck it out and tried to have went with the innocent option, but it was one of those "if you confess you don't go to jail" kind of things. I'm sorry I didn't mention that at first, I'm getting the information 10 years too late and from people who don't really want to talk about it.] He was tired, he wasn't thinking. He wanted to go home. 


He never went to jail, however. I thank God everyday for that. Instead he was labeled a felon, forced to move to protect his wife and 3 daughters, and struggled to earn a living ever since. He had to give up his guns and was legally never allowed to purchase another laser again. And this was all because one night I thought I saw a comet and my dad trusted me. 




Tl:Dr, 

I was 7, liked the stars. Dad takes me outside to teach me constellations with a laser. I shine the laser at a helicopter and my dad gets arrested and tried in court by Chris Christie. We were forced to move.


I'm upvoting you all :)

EDIT JULY 4TH:

Okay so a lot of you are doubting me and that's understandable. Namely u/halwith who is replying to every comment he sees that "op isn't David Banach's daughter." So I'm posting a few pictures of my father and me. 

Here's one from an article of my father so you can compare:

http://www.gannett-cdn.com/-mm-/139794f21d76a452b4ae0bfaab05e3644182cf8d/c=44-0-2047-2671&amp;r=537&amp;c=0-0-534-712/local/-/media/Morristown/2014/06/21/aplaserpoint.jpg

Here's another from an article of my father and my mother: (behind my father's right shoulder is my Uncle George)

http://www.airdisaster.com/news/0105/05/1.jpg

Okay and here are some pictures of us: 

Don't forget my dad's aged so he's not as young as he once was. He cut his hair shorter but I honestly think he still looks the same.

My dad playing in the leaves with us:
http://i.imgur.com/6ljBOit.jpg

Me when I was 6
http://i.imgur.com/ocFcFXL.jpg

My Mom and Dad celebrating the 4th!
http://i.imgur.com/ni79Ty4.jpg

My Mom and Dad at my graduation:
http://i.imgur.com/oc1RFI3.jpg

A framed picture of my parents:
http://i.imgur.com/7G6PuWY.jpg


My Parents about 10 years ago: 
http://i.imgur.com/j5E0Vzz.png

# PROOF I AM WHO I SAY I AM, PICTURE OF ME WITH SIGN

http://imgur.com/8QRRPr2

I'm sorry for my awful appearance, I'm really...really tired right now.




