So, my girlfriend and I have been dating for 10 years. I've been planning to propose to her for the past six months: researching about diamonds and figuring out how to do the perfect proposal for her. 

On New Years Eve, I enlisted the help of a few friends to figure out her ring size. She likes to drink, and I figured she would pass out later in the night, at which point we'd slip a ring on her finger to figure out what size I should get. We let the night play out and sure enough, she passed out. After a few tries, we figured out her ring size was about 3.5 or 4.

After a bit of searching, I found a design that I really thought she would like and I ordered it in a size 3.5. It looked perfect.

Now I had the ring, and I knew how I wanted to propose to her. But silly me, I decided that I didn't want the ring to be too big, or too small. I waited for another night when we had both gone out to drink. We came home and she was fast asleep. She's a pretty heavy sleeper, especially when she's had a few drinks. I thought it'd be a great  opportunity to slip the ring on her finger without her knowing, that way I would know how well it really fit and I'd be able to make adjustments before proposing to her. 

To make sure she's dead asleep, I caress her finger with my hands and increase the pressure to see if she has any reaction. She's dead asleep and doesn't even stir. Perfect! So I whip out the ring and slide it onto her finger. With a bit of resistance, it slides on and sits perfectly and she hasn't got a clue that she's wearing her future ring! 

I'm satisfied: 3.5 is the right ring size. As I try to take the ring off, it gets stuck at her knuckle. I didn't see this coming. I gently tug, but it's not working, the ring is stuck! I hold her hand firmly in place and tug and twist a bit more. I'm in a panic; the ring won't come off! I keep going at it for what seems like an eternity (which was probably only 20 seconds) and then I feel her hand pull away from mine. I look toward her and her eyes are wide open. Super shocked. Probably even more shocked than I am. She looks down at her hand and sees the ring! There's not much I could do at this point so I ask her the big question with an embarrassed look on my face, "will you marry me?" she sits up and gives me a big kiss and says yes. Thank the Lord! 

She loves the ring, and thinks the proposal is memorable, not ideal... But memorable!

TL;DR: I tested an engagement ring on my fiancée while she was sleeping; ring got stuck and now we're happily engaged.