This happened around 9 years ago now, but is probably the most embarrassing thing that I have ever done. 

The premise was ordinary enough, I wanted to ask the girl I had a huge crush on out on a date. I gave her a call and no answer. That's  fine, I'll just leave a message saying I called and I would call her back.

Like most teenage boys, I was super nervous, and because of this I wanted to make sure the voice mail message was perfect. Not too interested, not too uninterested. This was easy enough as I could start leaving a message and if I didn't like it I could delete it and rerecord. Easy enough.


Another thing I should note; when I get up the courage to do something I talk to myself. I try to psych myself into it, saying things like "come on man, you got this" or "no big deal, stay calm"


About half way into the 7th or 8th try into the voicemail I'm startled by a voice that I will never forget


 *Mailbox full. Goodbye* and then a click.


...


It was at that point to my horror I realized that although I was pressing the restart button, I had to first hit a different key to enter the menu for the restart to take place. I didn't start my message over 8 times. Instead I left one obscenely long message comprised of me starting over again and again with phrases in between that talked about how I needed a good message because I liked the girl so much.


I wish I could say at this point I never saw her again, but I was young and stupid and tried to convince myself it wasn't so bad. It would be several more months before I realized she wasn't playing hard to get. The memory however lives on.



Edit: several people are asking about what happened afterwards. It's not very interesting. She was always one of those people who tried her best not to make people feel bad and so it was never directly brought up and she tried to ignore me. The end of me having a crush on her actually occurred when I finally confronted her and made her tell me she didn't like me. It made her feel super uncomfortable but at least I got closure and we both finally got to feel awkward. Or something.