This happened about 3 hours ago when I showed up to work and clocked in. My boss happened to be getting water, and asked me about my iPhone because he wants to make the switch from his Android. He was asking some general questions, and I was showing him some of the differences. Then I let him hold my phone to get a feel for it and play around with the layout. Being as I just rolled out of bed 30 minutes prior, I didn't think much would come of this. Then I saw him touch the messaging app. He wanted to see the layout of texts and see how to send a new one. Unfortunately for me, my most recent messages were all about cannabis, and me hitting up a couple small time dealers looking for a little sack. Of course, he clicked into the top conversation and the last message was from my friend which read "I had to run to the store, so in-case you arrive while I'm gone the front door is unlocked and I left the weed on the counter, just leave the cash." (if I knew how to upload a screenshot of the conversation, I would. I'm still new to this and mainly a lurker) He glanced at me, gave a sly smile, and handed me my phone back. (I enjoy smoking once in awhile, and needed to relax a bit from the stress of work. Only problem, I live in Idaho) I received an email from him about 20 minutes ago saying I needed to meet with him at 4, which is right before we clock out. 


TL;DR - I let my boss use my phone, he saw a message about me buying weed, and now I have a meeting right before the end of the day which probably means I will be fired.


Edit: When I walked in, he asked me to sit down and was pretty serious. He chewed my ass for a bit, citing that he saw the message and that he doesn't want to see me go to jail over a text and that if anyone else saw it I would have been fired. He told me that because it was incidental, he wasn't going to do anything about it and told me that if he ever caught me high at work I would be fired on the spot. Then he starts smiling, and says he enjoys a good toke as well. Told me his kids and wife are out of town for the week, and invited me over for, as he put it, "elk tenderloin, whiskey, and a joint". So here I am, about to roll a joint and head to my boss's house for a dank ass dinner. If he lets me get a picture of dinner, I will add another edit with the image. 


Edit 2: just got back from dinner. Trying to respond to everyone . And I really appreciate the gold! One love 