This fuckup happened when I was approximately four years old; so this didn't happen today at all - in fact it happened in the 1980s, when people didn't know what 'ADHD' was and children like me were quaintly called 'hyperactive', rather than 'Frenetic Hellspawn Tinydemons From Tarterus'.

The story begins with my mother being a teacher - at an 'intermediate school', which teaches kids around the ages of eleven and twelve. The teachers had organised a Christmas shindig just for them and their own kids - and as I recall, it was hosted at the principal's rather large house which had a great back yard for Hellspawn Tinydemons (like myself) to race around in until they exhausted themselves.  
Now in New Zealand, Christmas parties in the 1980s usually involved a lot of sun, a lot of booze and piles of burned meat cheerfully charred by someone's dad on an old brick BBQ. In this case, the booze was beer and cask wine and the casks were being kept under the shade of a trestle table with a big tablecloth thrown over it. The beer of course was in a bin full of ice which slowly turned to slush full of fragments of burned meat and dead mosquitoes.  
Amongst the beer was an assortment of nasty, coloured fizzy drinks for the kids that were 90% sugar.

As a dedicated, chaotic-evil ball of irritation, I had already worn everyone's patience to the nub by being loud, demanding and obstreperous in the extreme. After being given a clip around the ear by my embarrassed mother, I was told to sod off and go annoy the other kids.  
Unfortunately for my slightly drunk and slightly sunstruck mother, I took my main chance to get out from under her watchful eye and look for opportunities for *adventure*.  
The other children ranged from just below my age up to ten years old and finding myself 'outranked' by older, smarter kids, I decided to sulk under the trestle table; which doubled as an awesome blanket fort, due to the oversized tablecloth.  

I should make it clear at this point that at my parent's wedding (not long before this) I had stolen so many shrimps from the shrimp cocktails that I'd thrown up over both my maternal and paternal grandmothers. I also required about three hours sleep a night and was pretty handy with a screwdriver - much to my mechanic father's dismay, who left tools all over the house.  
On this particular occasion, my greediness and cleverness turned to the casks of red wine under the table which I knew were the adult equivalent of fizzy drinks. Figuring out the plastic squeezy spigots things on them, I proceeded to get nicely rubbered.  

This would have been fine if I wasn't also a *social* and *gregarious* child - by seizing my chance to oust the older kids as the 'coolest', I invited the others into my cave of wonders and proceeded to get a bunch of preschoolers and primary schoolers rat-arsed on cheap cask Shiraz.  
Me vomiting red was probably the catalyst for my parents realising Tinydemon had been unleashed at the wrong place/time - promptly followed by other kids chundering crimson into plates of coleslaw, on the trampoline and into their parent's laps.  
Pretty quickly the party was over.  
I don't remember the rest of the afternoon/evening, but apparently it was spent intermittently singing the four-year-old equivalent of drunk karaoke and falling asleep sporadically.  
We were never invited back to the principal's house for parties.

**TL;DR**: got my four-year-old self and a whole bunch of other kids shitfaced at the BBQ of my mother's boss.