First time using Tinder. I thought what the heck, might as well try it and see what happens. Fast forward to a few weeks later, I matched up with a very lovely woman and we decided to meet up. We met up at a restaurant in the city. Had a few drinks and a few laughs with some delicious food. 

We also take a stroll around the city having a nice talk and getting to know each other. As the night ended I took her home as her friend dropped her off at the restaurant initially. I parked up in front of her home and was saying goodnight. She asked if I would like to come in side for a bit. I knew I scored big time so I was cheering. As I walked in it seemed like she wasn't living alone. It was a pretty big house. I asked if she lived with anyone and she said she lives with her sister but she's out of town and has the house to herself for a week.

We sat on the couch and eventually one thing led to another. Next thing you know I carry her to her bedroom and she starts going down on me. That is until the door flung wide open with her husband staring straight at both of us. Yes, her husband! I guess he was the sister out of town? He immediately starts charging at me as I stood there helplessly. He hit me with a flew blows and I was swinging back to get him away from me. I dazed him out with two punches to his jawline, push him real hard that he moved out the way and I hit the runner straight to the front door. All this was happening while she (his so called wife) was screaming as us to stop fighting. 

This happened about an hour ago and I currently have a bag of cold peas on my left cheek thinking fuck me. Did I just really ruin a home, I honestly feel pretty awful. I wonder what is happening to her now aye. So long for online dating.

TL;DR. Went on a Tinder date, husband walked in on us, all hell broke loose.

**UPDATE!!!**

As cliche as it sounds I didn't expect this post to become as big as it is now. Many people are calling this story fake but you can say what you want. The deed has been done.. Unfortunately.

I woke up this morning thinking what the fuck. First, recapping of what happened, I actually couldn't believe it. Second, seeing this post blow up on Reddit with great advice from Redditors, it really had me thinking.
I am not going to press charges because in reality, the husband is going through enough already and I wouldn't want anything else to be a greater burden on him. I took them punches like a man and now I just have to deal with it. What I am going to do though is write a letter explaining the whole backstory and leave it in their mailbox with a 12 pack on top of it.

I deleted Tinder and blocked the whores number. I think I should leave the dating game on the side for nowa while and concentrate on myself. I'm just going to have a quiet night to myself tonight and relax hoping this bruise on my face heals quicker than usual.

BEWARE OF AUSTRALIAN WOMEN!!!!