edits: rupees not rubies. Also, I made my front-page! Thanks for all the comments :), I'm about to land but I'll read the rest once I get home. Just got reddit gold from a very kind fellow redditor. Thank you!!

Hey reddit, this just happened to be this week. It’s quite long but I hope you enjoy it. 


I had a trip planned to India and was flying out this past Saturday. A couple of weeks prior I applied for the Indian tourist visa online. It got approved in a couple of days and all was good. I bought plane tickets and booked hotels. I was flying from the US to India with a connection in Germany.


Trip day comes. I exchange a bunch of dollars into Indian Rupees and off we go. I take the 9 or so hour flight to Germany and have an hour or so to get to my next flight. I pass customs in Germany and security. All good. Then there’s this airline counter: “Document check” right after security where they make sure you have all the proper visas and what not to travel to wherever you’re going. I was very careful to print out EVERYTHING and proceed to show all of this to the airline person.


I want to quickly explain how Indian tourist visas work. You apply online with your name, passport info, date of arrival, etc. Once your visa is approved you get an email with your visa confirmation number, your passport number, etc. You print this out and once you get to India you will get the actual visa on your passport. 


Ok, back to the document check module. I’m a bit anxious as my flight leaves soon but I’m past customs and security so I should be good. I show the guy my passport and my printed visa confirmation. He starts flicking through my passport and gets this worried look on his face. Once he’s done he looks up with the saddest expression on his face and tells me he can’t let me go through. The Indian visa requires 2 completely blank pages on your passport and all of mine have something in it. Even if it’s just an entrance stamp from when I’ve arrived to the US, it’s still not completely empty and thus doesn’t count. It starts to sink in that I’m not actually going to be able to board my plane. He tells me to go to the airline service center to see what I can do.


I eventually get there and talk to several representatives. They can’t let me go because I will be turned back once I arrive in India and they will be charged a fine for letting me go in the first place. Also by this time my flight has left. They mention that I can potentially get extra pages added onto my passport in the consulate. My return flight is not until a week later so I decide if I can get new pages quickly enough I can still make it to India and use the same return flight. It’s Sunday and everything is closed so I have to chill for now and call the consulate first thing in the morning. I get a hotel room at the airport and slowly admit defeat. I'm not really expecting to be able to make but still giving it a shot because why not. I cancel what I can for the days I won’t be able to be there.


Monday arrives and my body is completely confused. I’m hit with shittiest jet lag I’ve ever had. I didn’t actually think it was a thing until now. In my head, I’m apologizing to all the people I had silently judged when they complained about being jet lagged. I call up the consulate and they say they can’t give me new pages for my passport but they can give me a whole new “emergency” passport. They ask when I would like the appointment and I simply say: “Can it be right now?”. I train into the consulate, everyone is super nice and effective and I’ve got a new passport within the hour, very impressed. 


It suddenly dawns on me, holy shit, I’m actually going to make it to India! Super excited, I decide to explore the city a bit. Germany is pretty cool, has amazing sausages and pretzels. It’s raining but it doesn’t matter because I’m going to India!! I train back to the hotel and make sure to call the Indian Visa place to make sure my visa is still good if I got a new passport and get the OK from them. Sweet, I book a flight for 2 days from now since I’m not going to make the first city I was going to in India. Might as well stay here and try and fix the jet lag. Next day I’m still super jet lagged and have a horrible time. I still go out and explore the city and end up going to a pretty cool Zoo. I pass out at 8pm and sleep like never before. 


Wake up the next morning refreshed and ready for India. My flight is in 6 hours so I have an epic breakfast, go to the gym, and day dream about eating new food and finally using my Indian Rupees. Same deal, cross customs, cross security and back at the “Document Check” place again. Different guy, and this one is kind of a dick. I show him both my passports and my visa. He does his thing for a bit and then says he can’t let me through. Wutt?? He says that the visa confirmation page I have printed out says my passport number is different that that of my new passport. No shit, I got a new passport but the old one matches and it’s right here with me. I also tell him I called the Indian Visa place to ask this specific thing and they said it was all good. He still won’t budge. He calls his supervisor on the phone and he says no. I ask to speak to his supervisor and he says you can’t but you can speak with the customer service desk of the airline (same place I had gone the previous time). It’s very rare that I get altered or lose my nerve. The only exception is when dealing with cell phone carriers. So I keep my calm. I know I have the facts on my side, and I got plenty of time since I came in early.


I walk over to the customer representatives desk and explain the whole story. This woman get’s it, she’s on my side. She says she just has to get some proof that it doesn’t matter if you get a new passport. She calls the Indian consulate in Germany and they say they’re not sure. I google and find it clearly stated on their website that it’s okay if you have a new passport. She calls the Indian Visa place to make sure and they end up saying that it’s not a problem if you get a new passport and your visa is in the old one as long as you carry both passports with you. HOWEVER, what I had wasn’t a visa. It was a visa authorization and that one is binding to whichever passport you applied with. So my visa authorization is bound to my old passport which has a big “CANCELLED” stamp on it. I’m assuming when I called the Indian Visa place the day earlier, they thought I already had my visa on my passport and I didn’t think to clarify. The lady is super sorry and heart broken for me. I’m done. I’m going home. I lost this one.


Now, I thought this is where it ended. I’m not going to India, I accept that. I won’t be able to eat the food or use my Indian Rupees. Let me just go home. I proceed to grab my checked bags and go to the ticket counter for the airline which was operating my return flight. My return flight was on Sunday (it was now Wednesday) and it went India -&gt; Germany -&gt; US. Great, I can just grab the second flight on Sunday and go back home. Or even better, I might be able to grab the same flight back tomorrow or something. Nope. Apparently if you don’t board the first part of your flight (India -&gt; Germany) our whole trip gets wiped and you can’t board the second one. Furthermore, you can’t just cancel your first flight and be good because it might be more expensive to go from Germany -&gt; US than to do India -&gt; Germany -&gt; US. 


Wut.


This is what they told me anyways. So even if I just chilled in Germany until Sunday, I couldn’t board the flight I had already paid for. So no matter what, I had to pay a changing fee and the difference of the flight or get a completely new flight. I end up changing the flight for the next day at a charge of $500 bucks and booking another room at the hotel in the airport. I was completely defeated at this point. I proceed to stay in my room all day playing video games and ordering room service with wine.


Today I boarded my flight back to the US. I was terrified that now my US visa (I’m not american so I have one of those too) wouldn’t work with the new passport and I would be once again, turned back at the famous “Document Check” module. Luckily, there were no problems. I’m now writing this from the plane as I’m headed home. No India for me.


Total flights lost: 4 + change fees


Thanks for reading reddit.


TLDR; Was headed to India connecting through Germany. Got stuck in Germany because I needed a new passport. Got new passport. Indian visa not valid with new passport. No India. 
