Today I was pulling into the Target parking lot when I saw a man on a nearby sidewalk that said "Living in van, anything will help, God bless." I saw a shabby-looking van behind him that was filled with blankets, boxes, a large water bottle, etc. The man also had a dog with him. I am a sucker for animals, and this man really did seem to be going through a rough time. Also it's Lent, so I figured that it would be a good idea to be more charitable. (For the record, I do not normally give directly to people with cardboard signs on the street because I know there are much better ways of helping the economically disadvantaged and that many beggars are scammers.) 


So during my shopping trip, during which I got a lot of toiletries for myself, I picked up some extra items that I knew would be helpful for someone living in their car: unscented baby wipes, hand sanitizer, a pack of those one-use toothbrush things, a Target gift card, and a Starbucks gift card [Starbuckses are nice and clean, and if you buy one coffee or food item, you can hang out there all day], as well as some high-protein trail mix, instant coffee packets, and multivitamins. I also got a some dog food, dog treats, and some "entertain your dog for hours!" bones.  included a small note on a ripped out piece of paper asking the man to stay positive and giving him information about several charities in the area. 


Unfortunately, once I left the Target, the man, his van, and his dog where nowhere to be seen. I did a lap around the surrounding block but couldn't find him. I was disappointed but decided to head home. 


On my way back, I passed a corner that I drive by at least twice a day if not more. There's always a man begging on that corner. He stands there every day with a sign asking for money. He has come up to my car before to beg and I have never given him anything. But today, I had two bags full of "things for a homeless person" in my car and decided what the hell, hopefully this will help him. 


So I pulled over, rolled down my window and motioned for him to come closer. I had to reach into my backseat to grab the bags, which was a little bit awkward, but I was able to pass them through the window. He thanked me, placed the bags on a bench, took off his hat and clutched it to his chest, which was interesting because I learned that he was bald under the hat he always wears. I said something like "God bless you, have a nice day!" and drove away. 


Once I got home, I looked at the rest of my Target bags and realized that I had the hand sanitizer, toothbrushes, gift cards, and food that I had purchased for him with me still. I had my receipt and found out that I was missing the bag that most of my toiletries were in. I also realized that I had given him all of the dog stuff, despite his lack of dog. 


TL;DR So, I pulled up next to a bald homeless man whom I see every damn day and have never given anything to, and gave him some baby wipes, dog food, dog treats, dog bones, a box of tampons, a Monistat kit, three pairs of pantyhose, a bottle of shampoo, and some fucking grenadine syrup. I'm pretty sure he's going to think I'm making fun of him :( 


EDIT: Thank you everyone for the kind responses. I realize this isn't the worst thing in the world but I am worried that I insulted him with what was in the one bag. I will drive past him again today, I'll pull over and give him the correct bag and explain. Hopefully he was able to give away/ trade some of the items. I can't imagine what a yeast infection is like for homeless women. 

I hope this thread inspires someone to be kinder to the homeless/ economically disadvantaged! If you don't want to fuck up like I did, try giving directly to a food pantry, church (I know this is Reddit but most churches really do try to help people), a turnaround program or a shelter-- feel free to give to a battered women's shelter, children's shelter, LGBT shelter depending on whom you most want to help. Most places should have lists of needed items online or if you call them. Happy Holy Week to you all!

UPDATE: I saw him again today and gave him the back of other items. He laughed and said thanks anyway and that he gave the items he didn't need to his shelter. Again, thanks for the nice comments, everyone! 
