Before going into the story itself I have to give a bit of background. One of the important part of my work is going to professional conferences, parties or trade shows. It's a fairly small world so I end up meeting the same 100 people at least once a week in a social setting (think open bar and free food). 
Naturaly after a few years like that you start making aquaintances/drinking friends, especially among the few people among my age. 
One of these people is a cute young lady with whom I share a passion about videogames, and we usually chat about that while hitting the bar. All in all just a friend. 

Last night we met at a party where SO where also invited and where I met her boyfriend of a few years (who she wanted to marry) I introduce myself and then she and I start to chat about our latest favorite game (Pillars Of Eternity for those wondering). After some time I go to the bar to grab a few glasses for me, her and her BF (yay free champagne) and when I come back a couple minutes later said boyfriend is throwing a tantrum about "how she's looking at me" an then storms off shouting that it's over between them. I then proceed to my friend that has become a teary meldown and put her into a cab to go back home. 

I then proceed to my own place and proceed to my daily skype session my own girlfriend (long distance sucks guys). I tell her what just happenned to the party, and she then starts to act coldly and ends the session quite fast. I then woke up this morning to a text telling me that she's breaking up with me because "where there's smoke there's fire, you were obviously hitting on her". 

So I'm now single and the single positive fact of the day is that me and my newly single friend are going to hit the bars tonight to get wicked drunk (we both need it). 

TL/DR : Crazy jealous BF breaks up with my friend because he thinks she's into me. My own GF proceeds to break up with me because she thinks I did something wrong. Gonna get wicked drunk tonight.

Update : Too much beer, too much shots. The hangover is strong. Nothing happened, this was not some damn romcom. :'D