Quick background: I've had insomnia issues for years and went the prescription route about six months ago. Tried a thousand options, all unsuccessfully, and finally struck gold with Ambien. I take 10mg pretty much every night - total godsend. Recently started dating a new guy. He's great, I'm infatuated, and I'm doing everything in my power to not fuck it up.


As most of you probably know, the Ambien walrus is very real. If you don't go to bed within 20-30 minutes, you'll probably start seeing and doing weird shit. Most nights I'm asleep in minutes, but I've never had insane hallucinations or blacked out and done something ridiculous. I've watched pillows growl like lions, picture frames morph into dragons, and towels turn into the couple from American Gothic. The worst thing thus far was waking up to an order confirmation from Amazon prime for 24 boxes of sugar-free Jello.


Well, that is until 3:30 am today. Last night was our second adult sleepover. Around 3, he's sound asleep and starting to snore a little while I'm lying there under his cuddle trap, bug-eyed and wide awake. I'd had a long week and the idea of a sleepless night isn't too appealing, so I grab one from my purse, swallow the fucker, and crawl back into bed. We didn't have much to drink earlier and the Ambien walrus rarely hangs out with me, so I wasn't worried about anything.


About 15 minutes later, the BF wakes up and starts initiating sex, and I'm very down. He's hot, sex is fun, and let's just say 2015 was the most celibate year of my adult life. Everything's going great - a little making out, a little foreplay, the P goes in the V, everyone's happy. Important to note: we aren't doing anything remotely freaky. Very enjoyable, but very vanilla.


At this point, it's right around the 30 minute mark and just in time, the walrus pulls a Michael Jordan and comes out of retirement. The BF's been on top for a few minutes when I suddenly recoil a little. Out of nowhere I scream, "Oh my god STOP. Can't we just have sex normally?!" He pulls off and says, "I'm sorry, of course...but what do you mean? Did I do something wrong?" 


I was 100% convinced that we were having sex on stage at the Democratic National Convention while Hillary Clinton was delivering a speech. I thought his bed was next to the podium, and Hil was narrating our every move and explaining how real sex, aka not porn sex, works as part of some sex ed thing. He's howling laughing, can barely breathe, rolls off of me and tells me that sure, we can leave, we'll just go to sleep and have some normal sex later.


I wake up at 9-ish and as a huge fan of morning nookie, I'm all over him. Right as he's about to stick his dick in me, he smirks and goes, "Oh I'm sorry, is this normal enough for you?" I don't have a fucking clue what he's talking about. He starts cracking up and explains the entire thing, which I had ZERO recollection of (though it's been coming back to me today). I don't think I've ever been more embarrassed or turned a brighter shade of red in my life.


The bad news is, I don't think I can take Ambien again. Ever. I want to flush my remaining supply down the toilet and tell my doctor to cancel my refills and get me on something new. The good news is, this guy must be quite fond of me, because I'm pretty sure yelling that you don't want to fuck on stage at the Democratic National Convention would be a dealbreaker for most people. ^Don't^worry^we^still^boned^after


Oh, and I'm not even a Democrat. And I really don't like Hillary Clinton.


&amp;nbsp;


TL;DR I yelled at my brand new boyfriend to stop fucking me because I thought we were on stage with Hillary Clinton.


*Edit:* Trazodone doesn't work, melatonin doesn't work, not actually going to flush my pills, and thank you for the gold!