So I recently got the Samsung Galaxy S5.  All in all, I've been pretty happy with it.  

Anyway, I'm home from college for winter break. Being the bum that I am, I wake up today around noon, shower, eat, and decide it's nap time. Hey, I'm an adult. I do what I want.

I get back into bed, tuck myself into a taco, and turn on a meditation soundtrack. Now I don't typically use these, but I figured why not.  I find one with a male voice, speaking in a slightly seductive, soothing English accent.  Okay, I can work with this.

And I have to say, this soundtrack had me passed out within minutes.

Mid-nap, I get an email notification, vibrating my bed and blinding me with the bright screen.  I reached out in a daze, clicked the power button a few times in quick succession, and re-tacoed myself in the blankets.

Not a minute later, my phone rings. Ugh, I grab my phone and before I can speak, I hear my frantic father yelling "heydandelion, HEYDANDELION!"

But since I live in the middle of bumblefuck, the call fails. 

A little weirded out by his tone, I look at my notifications and realize I had unwittingly sent out an "I NEED HELP" SOS text of my GPS location, a dark picture of my room, and a voice recording to my emergency contacts (a Galaxy feature apparently triggered by pressing the power button three times).  I quickly jump out of bed and grab the house phone while frantically trying to send out a group message to my mom, dad, and boyfriend that "IT WAS A MISTAKE I'M SORRY I'M NOT DYING."

Three phone calls to three panicked individuals later, all is well.  Except perhaps my mother's pants because she has IBS and probably shit herself.

Chuckling to myself a while later, I check over the messages and decide to listen to the audio recording, thinking hey, maybe I snore or something. Instead the only thing audible from the five second recording is a English male's voice.

"I want you to be as comfortable as possible both physically and mentally."

TL;DR: Tried to get a seductive voice to lull me to sleep, nap-spasm sent out SOS to emergency contacts, made everyone think I was kidnapped by a creepy old English man. 

Update: HOLY CRAP THIS EXPLODED (/u/javaski hehe).  Since a lot of you requested it and the amount of references to /r/thatHappened made me angry (WHO LIES ON THE INTERNET GODDAMMIT), here's the audio recording.  I also included the two pictures sent along with a screenshot of my convo after with my mom.  She thought the kidnapper was being devious.

* [Vocaroo](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1QwZrAmk08L)
* [Imgur](http://imgur.com/a/7J6sG)
 