This just happened. 
Well, my boyfriend and I are in college and both lead very busy lives. It's finals time which means we have hardly seen each other, which also means there's a lot of pent up sexual tension. Unfortunately, I have also had a really bad cold for the past few days, so our little time spend together has been diminished even more. 

Today was the first day that I was feeling 100%, so I decided it'd be great to meet him at the library for some late night kisses. He's still a little concerned about my disease ridden body, so he said he could walk me to my car and hug me goodnight before getting back to studying. He's an engineer student and taking very involved courses, so I knew he was really worried about his tests. However, I really wanted to get intimate, and I knew that this would be our one chance for another few days (we have finals up until next Wednesday.) I told him that he could hug me goodbye, or he could give me 10 minutes and I could make him cum. Now that would be a personal record of ours; he usually lasts a lot longer. He, being horny as well, agrees, and says that he'd love to see me try to get him off so quickly. 

We park in a parking garage next to the library and I give him the best blow job I've ever given, and he cums right at the 9 minute marker. Now remember, he hasn't had this sort of release in a while, so there's quite a bit of semen in my throat all of a sudden. Also, my one remaining symptom of the cold is a lingering buildup of mucus, which I keep having to cough out. We hug, talk all lovey dovey, pull his shorts back on, and I let him return to the library to his beloved books. As soon as I pull out of the garage, I feel a nice lump of mucus in my throat and know I have to spit. The only thing I have with me is a napkin from some fast food a few days ago, but desperate times call for desperate measures. I spit into the napkin, thinking only the little green lump would actually appear, but I was very wrong. Cum gushes out of my mouth and drops all over my black jacket and seatbelt. I look through my windshield and there's a group of freshmen girls staring at me. From their point of view, I'll be remembered as a sweaty girl drooling cum next to a soaked napkin in a library parking garage. 

TLDR: swallowed when I should've spit and spit when I should've swallowed. 

Edit: spelling
Edit 2: WOAH GOLD. I told my boyfriend and he sleepily laughed and then looked grossed out. :) thank you all for your wonderful comments, they've made my study breaks awesome. 