This happened in West Virginia last October. 

I was with a group of seven camping in West VA for a week and exploring vertical caves. We'd set up anchor ropes on the top and dropped down into some pretty deep caves, and then explore further from there. My fuck up came on the second to last day. 

We had a pretty big caving network we were excited to go into, it started with a 50 ft drop into the pit and from there a pretty extensive tunnel system down into the cavern. I opted to led the group through the tunnels, as I had the map and enjoyed being in front. There was about 45 minutes of tunnels and squeezes to get to the cavern, some of the stretches of tunnels were about the size of a microwave. Definitely some tight areas and at times slow to crawl through. During the crawl I was began to feel a little queasy, I had eaten sour cream in the morning that had felt a bit off but I didn't think too much of it. 

The further down we tunneled the worse my stomach felt. When we finally reached the cavern, some 300 feet below the surface, I was beginning to sweat and feel seriously wrong. It was then I realized I needed to make my way back up to the surface before the worst could happen. I told the group I wasn't feeling well and was going to head back up. I started crawling back through the tunnel when I heard them make the decision to follow me and come back up as well.. Great. Crawling back up through the tunnel I began to feel worse and worse, my face became pale and my forehead was sweating profusely. The tunnel felt even tighter and narrower than before. I stopped midway and began to clench hard, it was all I could do to keep the fluid in. I knew at that point I was in a bad spot, the only place to go was to keep crawling forward but I could hardly move because I was clenching so hard. I stayed for about 10 minutes in this tight tunnel, breathing heavily and clenching so hard I began to cramp in my abdomen. Something ugly was about to come out and come out fast. 
By a miracle I was about to shuffle and crawl my way out of the long tunnel, but only into the pit. Once up there I knew I could hold back nature no longer, and unfortunately for my team behind I was forced to let it all out as my teammates crawled silently out of the hole one by one. 

It was the most embarrassing and memorable moment of my caving experience. 

TL;DR I had explosive diarrhea while crawling through a 45 minute tunnel system with my 7 person team behind me, 200 feet underground. 