I've been cutting my own hair since the eighth grade.  I like to keep it pretty short, so rather than spending $15 every month for what is essentially a buzz cut, I bought a pair of clippers and have been doing it myself ever since.  While this is wildly convenient (and has probably saved me a couple thousand dollars over the last 12+ years), it's generally a pain to clean up.  

To combat this, I've developed a system where I stand / kneel over the thick plastic hair-cutting bib that came with the clippers (the little cape they put on you at the salon), letting the hair fall and gather on that, and carefully emptying it into the trash when I'm done.

Which brings us to yesterday.  I had a ceremony to attend and wanted to look fresh – and due to a recent move, I didn't have access to my normal bib hair-catch system.  So I laid a towel on the ground to catch all the hair, fired up the clippers, and went about my business.

As I finished my haircut, I decided to trim my beard as well.  

*Gotta look nice and groomed for the night!  And, hey, my chest hair is looking a little out of control too, let's give that a trim.  And while I'm at it, let's just do the whole deal!*  

I grabbed my pube trimmer (I have a separate pube trimmer, I'm not an animal) and do a real nice, thorough manscape.  Shaft, balls, gooch, ass, inner thighs, back.  By the end I'm feeling 5 pounds lighter.  The mass of body hair that has accumulated on the towel resembles a slumbering poodle.

At this point I realize I'm a bit behind schedule, so I quickly fold the towel up, taking care not to leave any openings for the hair to spill out, put the hair-towel in the cupboard beneath the sink, and hop in the shower.

Fast forward to this morning, when I'm awoken by the ungodly shrieks of my girlfriend in the bathroom.  I jolt out of bed and open the door, revealing my lovely girlfriend, looking like the little monkey boy from Jumanji.  **She used the hair-towel.**  My nasty body hair clippings are clinging to her wet skin, from her forehead to her knees. My pubes affixed themselves to her quivering lips, my ass hair congregating on her tits.  She screams "WHAT THE FUCK" and all I can do is laugh.  She's spitting hairs out of her mouth and turns the water back on to try and rinse the hair off, but its those stubborn, coarse hairs that only seem to stay put in the shower.  She has to be at work in 30 minutes and still looks like Hermione after the polyjuice potion.

TL;DR: I'll never forget the look of horror, disgust, and desperation on her cute little gorilla face.