So last night my girlfriend was going to be home alone. She asked if I wanted to sleep over so I said fuck yeah! I'm not allowed to sleep over her house EVER. So I was super excited. I slept over and fell asleep. Her parents aren't supposed to come home till around noon so we figured it's perfect since my girlfriend has to be at work by 9am. Well my friends, her dad came home! Now I am currently stuck in her room trying to be as quite as possible. My girlfriend left to work already and I have work in less than 3 hours. I can't sneak out because her bedroom is upstairs and he is downstairs working on shit on the computer. I will update you guys as soon as I'm out of here. Hopefully it's soon

Edit: I've been stuck for over an hour now. No signs of him leaving. My back is starting to cramp up from not moving. Less than 2 hours until I have to be at work

Edit 2: since so many of you keep telling me to jump out the window. I was considering it but realistically there is no way I could go through the whole thing without making a lot of noise. http://imgur.com/G59DaVB
the layout of the house is pretty much the same as the one across. I would the window on the second floor is what we are looking at. I'm starting to consider calling work saying I might be late but I'm going to wait a little more. Less than 1.5 hrs till work

Final update: FRONT PAGE!? thanks everyone!
Damn.. a lot of you guys really wanted me to get caught. Thanks for all the suggestions and advice! I ended up waiting It out. The dad ended up taking a shower and I thought that would have been my chance but I started to think about how I sometimes leave the water running to warm up before jumping in. I didnt want to die today so I waited again. Finally he left just on time for me to run home and leave for work.  but seriously? You guys wanted me to kill him, tie myself up and pretend to be kidnapped, someone suggested making out with the mother? Idk how that would help. I didnt do no ninja jump off the second story. If he hadn't left by a certain time,  I would have been ready to take u/PierceTheProper advice and done the whole pizza deal. Lucky for me I didn't have to take things to that level. Thanks everyone!