This was a little while ago, but whatever. So I've been dating this girl for a few months now and we're just chilling at my place like we usually do. I load up the ol' computer to put on a film for us and, as per usual while booting, steam loads up. So she looks at my library and decides she hasn't played the Sims for ages, so instead of a film I'm going to watch her chill out to some Sim action. 

First alarm bell rang when she looked at the amount of time I've spent on that game. 143 hours in total. Mostly this time is due to me leaving it on while I do other shit, but really that's just way too long to be playing the Sims. She laughs at me for being a sad douche, continue on to playing. 

Second alarm bell when she loads up my only sim, Freddie Faggotson. That's when I remembered everything I had been doing with that one sim for 143 hours. I had fucked every single person in the sim village to create as many children as possible, a total of around sixty children? The only reason I didn't have more was because there were literally no women left in the village that weren't either my daughter or elderly. Not only that, but I had figured out I could take dna samples from sims and clone them, but they end up as babies and I have to raise them from birth. So I was basically factory farming as many dna cloned children as I could so I could fuck them later to get more children in the most horrible controlled death camp kind of style. As soon as they were old enough to take care of their own needs they would never leave their cells. All of this she saw as she was exploring, and my house wasn't the only sex dungeon farming expansion I had, I owned several properties in the town that were chock full of these children I was going to fuck and create more children with.

tl;dr I created a horrible sim rape dungeon, forgot about it and my girlfriend saw it.

UPDATE: So a few people wanted to know her reaction, it was a mix of belly laughter and creeped outness. She played the save for a while and even made a few sims pregnant for the hell of it but then she made me delete the save, so no screenies. The reason it's a fuck up was that during sex she would sometimes go "Oh mr faggotson!" Or she'd offer me some of her hair jokingly so I could clone her.  Any kind of problem we had could just be countered with "yeah at least I don't have a digital rape dungeon"

