This was actually a couple of days ago but I didn't really prioritise posting this story on reddit at the time.

My flatmates and I went to Amsterdam to celebrate the end of our first year at uni. Amongst other such cultural activities that one would partake in when visiting Amsterdam (such as the Van Gogh museum), we also decided to go to the zoo. 

We spent a lovely day gawking at all the animals and spending our valuable recreation budget on overpriced food in the café. Cut to the end of the zoo visit, and the fateful event. My friend, T, has a big thing for lions and insisted we go and see the smug fuckers before the day ended.

And so it was that we traipsed on tired feet to the lion enclosure to look at the lions. They seemed kinda lazy, just moping around and not really doing much so a few of us went and sat on a bench. It was then that the lion began roaring, not full on roaring but just little ones, like he was building up to something big. 

I only remember this bit in slow motion with ominous music in the background. Intrigued, I made my way towards the enclosure alongside a bunch of other gormless tourists. The lion surveyed the faces before it.

He opened his mouth, displaying his magnificent maw.

We waited with bated breath.

He turned, facing away from the cage.

We stood, a group of us, waiting for the mighty roar.

He reared his head and...

Literally fucking projectile pissed right in my eye. At the time everyone was in chaos, screaming and running from the dreaded stream but fear was replaced with laughter when they heard me scream "HE FUCKING PISSED ON ME!"

Safe to say, I went straight back to my hotel and had the longest shower of my life. But I can never wash away the hilarious, embarrassing leverage my friends now have over me.

P.S. To all the random tourists who stood there pointing and laughing. Fuck you, it could have just have easily been you!

TL;DR

Lion peepee in my peeper

EDIT: For some bizarre reason, some people think I made this whole story up due to the lion enclosure in Artis being separated by a sizable body of water. However, I explained that there is a separate part of the enclosure that requires them to go through the indoor part. This allows you to get closer to the lions. Hopefully, this photographic proof that you can in fact get close to the lions will be enough to put any cynic's mind to rest.

http://imgur.com/a/8XoQQ


EDIT 2: My tale of woe has been narrated! How lovely, here it is http://youtu.be/0DIJbbipdtw