This happened two days ago so I thought I'd share it, but a little bit of back story. Me and my best friend (we'll call her Cara) have known each other since we were 13 (we're both 22 now). I don't have any interest in her besides being friends. I've seen her through good relationships and bad break-ups and vice-versa. Her current boyfriend (we'll call him David) who she's been dating for a year is a pretty cool guy, we all hang out, drink beer, shoot pool, etc. I try to avoid being the third wheel but they insist on having me around, but I think that's gonna change now.

Story: Every other day we hang out over Cara's, play some Minecraft  and CoD, and I head out for work. I usually leave at 5:30pm to be there at six, but I had taken that day off. Working 13 hour shifts is a bitch. Around 5:00pm I decided to go get some air, so I went out on the deck and sat by the pool, and I ended up drifting off to sleep.  

When I woke up it was 6:15pm and I wondering why they weren't out here with me. Then I remembered, I didn't tell them I took the day off, they probably thought I left for work and didn't bother. I'm thinking we can all go get pizza since I'm still here. As I head back inside with my craving for pizza, I walk straight through the kitchen and into the living room, and what do my eyes see? Cara, ass naked on the floor, riding David (who is handcuffed to the table btw) like a demon. At one point I thought she was going to break his pelvis (death by Snu-Snu!) She had a black dildo wielded in the air like she was about to charge into battle with it, and it was then I noticed David had red dick imprints on his face and chest. They both had 9 inch grins on they're faces until they turned and saw me and turned completely red. They were speechless with those "oh shit" facial expressions. Straight ahead on the tv, they still had Minecraft loaded up, the annoying music had stopped and all the damn farm animals were staring at me like they were waiting for my reaction. Even the damn chicken (or duck?) stopped to stare at me and that little bastard is always causing shenanigans! I told them "nah you guys finish up I'm gonna go home now" and left. The drive home consisted of me laughing like an idiot with tears in my eyes. Well two hours ago she sent me a text message saying "yeah, we need to talk about the other day". Idk know what's going to happen from here on out, hope it doesn't ruin our friendship. 

tl;dr: Went outside for some air at best friends house, went to sleep, woke up, went back inside, caught a front row of her and her boyfriend having freaky rough sex. Minecraft animals were staring at me like a sandwich. I never got my pizza.

Update 7/24: Okay first off, Jeezus Reddit! I didn't think it'd be this popular! Second, I'm at work on my break, and yes an update is coming. Me her and David are meeting up for breakfast when I get off work so I'll update when we're done, and thank god they know nothing of Reddit. I'll keep you guys posted! Also I really want to get to the comments, you guys are awesome as hell.

Update 7/25: Well we met up for breakfast when I got off work, and I'm not going to lie I was pretty worried. I wasn't traumatized by the grand event I witnessed, in fact I thought it was hilarious. I was more-so worried about how they felt about the whole thing. I've caught them both in some pretty funny situations (and vice-versa) but nothing like that. At first there was some awkward silence, but then I told them about the Minecraft animals (especially that god damn chicken-duck) to break the ice, and they lost it. I also learned that after poor David was handcuffed Cara pulled the Dildo out and started slapping him, and that if I didn't show up when I did Cara would have hit him again. I completely lost my shit, and a mouthful of Pepsi. I told him be thankful that's all she did with it. I apologized to both of them like hell and told them both how awesome they are as friends to be able to laugh something like this off. I found out after breakfast that Cara had told David something about me that evened the score...fuck. It appears we have ourselves a Mexican standoff in that department (my days are numbered). Anyway, we're going to hang out again later on today, and I'm gonna make damn sure we get that bacon and ham pizza. 

Btw, Cara and David are NOT their real names, actually it's pretty far off. I am a guy, not a girl. Whoever gave this post gold, THANK YOU! Thank you guys, you're all funny as hell. 

Apparently this was narrated: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vLd-Eamhuk&amp;list=UU5xsHsxabpOvm73YIEWd8fg
