*(POST THANKSGIVING UPDATE)*

**TLDR:** I posted a text message between myself and my husband that my mother took offense to and un-invited my husband and I to Thanksgiving and future holiday events. Also everyone and their brother got to see the drama.

This happened yesterday.

A little background:

Me: Veteran, morbid humor, tends to be the mediator of my family

Husband: Chinese, also has a US citizenship, has no family in America

Mom: SAHM (stay-at-home mom) whole life, very conservative, Christian, pro-'Mercia, admitted xenophobic

This year for Thanksgiving we're doing something new. Everyone is bringing a dish to pass around. I was assigned bean casserole but I wanted to bring something a little extra. Having trouble deciding I sent my husband a text to see if I could get any recipe ideas:

"Is there any holiday like Thanksgiving in China?"
His response:

"No... you know... because we didn't kill all the people already living there."

This is the section of our conversation I had put up on FB. I had countered this response with a "Haha very funny, ass." sort of response, but left that out. I do this at around 12PM, get a couple  likes and responses that are also "Haha, very funny, ass." and I head into my meetings which will keep me occupied for the next 5 hours. On one of my trips to grab a thumb drive from my desk, I see my phone has blown up with FB notifications as well as texts. Not having much time, I glance at the latest text from my husband which says:

"People are sending me messages about your post. I never thought I would be part of a public Facebook drama. I am a little embarrassed. I was so careful."

Instantly my heart drops into my stomach. I had not told him that I had decided to put this text up. I thought it was harmless, it made me laugh, it made some of my co-workers laugh when I had shared it with them - what in the world was going on? But I didn't have time to check I had to go back into a meeting that dragged on late for another 2 and a half hours. At this point, its close to 5PM.

Utter chaos. My mom had responded with a very aggressive reply to that post. Essentially she criticized my husband for speaking poorly of America, and how dare he imply that his home country was somehow above reproach from America. That if he didn't like it here he should GTFO. She even posted an article about 'terrible things' his country had done in it's developmental stages.

One of my sisters step in to tell her to stop being mean and she gets into an argument with her about how she's not being mean, she's just standing up for America and why does that make her the bad guy? My sister tells her it's not that she's standing up for America it's the words she choosing to use in order to do so- especially those directed at her children. For some context, here are a few of the many quotes from my mom in this FB status conversation:

"Yeah the asian history is so full of loving anti-war history. LOL idiots."

"People who live in America, have American jobs and don't know what its like to live under communist/fascist/socialist rule. They make me sick, this is Thanksgiving. Thank GOD you live in America, THANK GOD for the military who has DIED for your ass to live free in America with the priveledges of the constitution, and STFU about indigenous Indians who got their ass kicked 300 years ago, but KICKED someone else's ass to live in the lands they lived in. And if you don't like it, like I said, go live in S. America, or Mexico, or back to asia. If they are so righteous with their own history."

"People need to wake the f up and see how this hating on America seeps into people's minds and eventually turns a country into self loathing Americans."

"it's humiliating that a SIL (son-in-law) would say something about the country that has welcomed him with open arms and given him advantages, then can say stupid crap like that. It wasn't funny."

"if you don't like America's history and want to put Thanksgiving down....GTFO."

" Why is the person who points out anothers lack of common sense the bad person with you?"

"shouldn't put up stuff for all to see if you can't take the heat!"

"i don't like people crapping on America, have a real problem with it, I taught my children better."

"well i talked it out with her father, and since we both agree that [Husband]'s hate post was political, the rest stands. Unless [Husband] would like to apologize for insulting this country?"

All this over a playful exchange that was in no way meant to be a political statement from my husband. English is his second language, he struggles sometimes to accurately express his thoughts and feelings due to his vocabulary. My mom - most people - don't know that he genuinely is concerned about what he says because he's afraid of articulating it incorrectly. Because of this, he often says nothing in the moment, and my later explain to me what he wanted to say but couldn't find the words.

 One couldn't be more mistaken to think my husband would say this sort of phrase with the idea it represented any sort of sociopolitical opinion that he harbored. He was going for a cheap shot laugh, which he succeeded. NBD (no big deal).

And I feel like I should mention this again... I am a veteran of the US military. So the idea that I have no loyalty towards this country is pretty laughable... and a little insulting?

So I post a response in which I say my husband will not be apologizing and I gave more background to the whole conversation and tried to explain it was said in jest and wasn't meant to be any sort of political jab to anyone. I also requested that if you have issues to message me directly about it or call me, and not make a spectacle in public for everyone to see.

His sister reads all these comments and calls him. His sister is in China. His dad is also on FB. I am freaking out because I do NOT want his family to see this.

We have friends messaging both him and me asking WTH is going on, are we okay, and offering to take us in for Thanksgiving if she's serious about not wanting us there.

During all of this, my mom messages me on FB and once again tries to argue about how what he said was anti-American and why was she in the wrong for defending America? 

I tried to explain to her 3 times the reason behind what he was saying, how it was innocent, and she was taking this too personally and literally and that just made her angrier.

As I was still at work, I had to cut the conversation short but told her I was very disappointed with her choice of dealing with this situation and I would let her know my husband and I's decision on what we would do for Thanksgiving.

So this morning I'm constructing messages to those who stepped into the line of fire that was my mother's words with an apology and thank you for trying to step in. I'm going to message my SIL (sister-in-law) and beg her not to say anything to their father.

And I let my mom know we would't be there for Thanksgiving.

And that's where I am right now. No reaction yet from my mom, but she's effectively told my husband he's not welcome to family functions right before Thanksgiving and Christmas. I'm just sitting her spinning not sure what to do next. I'm so upset that I can't pin down one emotion right now.

I'll update if anything happens over the next day worth reporting.

Yay holidays.

Edit: We've shared text messages from one another before without asking. I should point out, our FB is mostly college and close friends. We live pretty far away from folk. FB has become a bit of our "we're still alive and this is what we do" updater for these folk. Mom joined FB about 3-4 months ago and the drama started. She is a bit of a troll I've come to realize reviewing some of her comments on others statuses. So as strange as it might be to some, sharing tidbits of our convos is not unusual for our updates.

UPDATE: My mom responded with:

["lol don't bother, I'm sure we can cover the casserole.  Enjoy your holiday."](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3u7yih/tifu_by_posting_a_text_on_fb_that_may_have_ruined/cxd05nc)

Also, before I unfriended her she started posting all sorts of pilgrim and thanksgiving propaganda all over her page. Sigh.

POST THANKSGIVING UPDATE: 

We went to a friends Thanksgiving. It was very nice and drama free. I did miss the familiarity of my family Thanksgiving but ultimately my husband and I had a stress-free holiday weekend in which we reconnected with friends. 

Thank you for all the advice - both supporting us as a couple and those who objected to the whole situation. I really appreciate being able to see the view from all sides - to have both support to stand strong as well as the encouragement to have a forgiving heart. I feel this has brought my husband and I closer as well as opened my eyes to some things I've been compromising to keep the peace.

My mom - through my sister living at home who was not the one to say something to her - offered to make us soup from the leftovers from dinner. Knowing her, I feel this is her way of a 'peace offering' and to our true family fashion of rug-sweeping blowouts like this an moving along. 

We still have not spoke, I have not planned on speaking to her this week as I have work things to deal with, but I will keep an open heart and mind as we move closer to Christmas. Most importantly, this will start our dialogue of boundaries which is sorely needed.

Thank you again everyone and if something comes up for Christmas.... well I'll be back to let you know!

[I'm looking for advice at /r/raisedbynarcissists post Thanksgiving.](https://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/comments/3uwit2/xpost_and_follow_up_one_holiday_down_how_to/)