Edit: Narrated by the hilarious Cyae1. https://youtu.be/xz3euUpu2VE

This happened minutes ago. I'm sitting in the school library on a computer. In the library there are clusters of six computers arranged around a circular table with each screen facing outwards. So I'm just working on some Electronics coursework when a gorgeous girl sits at the computer next to me. Now, my school has a particular reputation for having an extremely scarce population of hot girls, so I'm instantly aware. I look over and to my joy, I see she has her lanyard with her ID card (which we all have to carry) on the table in front of her, and I can see the name clearly. Trying not to shout for joy, I quickly grab my phone and type her name into Facebook. I don't have the Facebook app on my iPhone as I don't often use it and it would just be taking up space for no reason, so usually use on the mobile site in Safari. As her profile loads up, I check her picture and it's definitely her. Booya. Now here's where it starts to go wrong. I go to tap on the 'about' section of her profile to check if she's in my year group or the year above, but my stupid fingers accidentally tap the 'add friend' button. My heart leaps. I quickly try to tap it again to cancel the request, when my screen goes black and my iPhone dies. I'm always sceptical when I hear anecdotes where timing is this convenient but I shit you not this just happened. I can see her phone feet away from me on the desk to my right and I'm praying she doesn't pick it up. My profile picture is very recent and she'd know it was me straight away from her peripheral vision. 

Worst part is Facebook is blocked on the school computers so I can't use it to cancel the request. We can access Reddit by using 'https' but Facebook doesn't work. Any ideas? May have to run. Fuck.

Edit: Spelling

Edit: As I'm trying to get the courage to say something to her she grabs her phone and opens the flip case. I looked over and could see the friend request notification on her lock screen. She swipes left with the grace of a swan before I can grab my shit and run. I see my profile pop up. My dick is basically inside me. It dawns on her that the 0 mutual friends guy is me. She looks over for a good few seconds but I keep my eyes fixed on my PC. She quickly gathers her things and leaves. Just before she walks off I muster a 'sorry' but she gives me a 'wtf' look and semi-jogs out the library. I've never been so embarrassed. Looks like I'm gonna have to avoid the only hottie in this place from now on.


Edit: The idea of looking on Facebook was to check if she was the year above before introducing myself as I'd prefer someone my age, from observation relationships between year groups don't work well in schools. This was the only thing my retarded brain could think at the time. I'm sorry Reddit.

Update: Still no acceptance of said request. Will update in due course. 

Update 2: She hasn't accepted. To be honest I wasn't expecting it. It's game over boys. Thanks for the hate/support/gold, it has made me laugh a lot.