**TL;DR:**  Took a vegetarian to Texas Roadhouse thinking we were just going out as friends.   

So this happened about 4.5 years ago, but I was just thinking about it today and thought it was TIFU-worthy.   

So I was a loser for, well, always, but I've managed to get less losery as life went on.  I age like a fine wine, and as such, I didn't lose my virginity until I was 20. The same day, I met this girl, let's call her Chelsea.  We immediately hit it off, she was not who I hooked up with, but we got on facebook and started talking.  Well we kind of faded for a bit since I never asked her out since I met another girl.  On the internet.  Playing video games.   Who lived further from me than Chelsea.  We'll call this girl Sasha.    


Well I decided to pursue Sasha more than Chelsea, and despite having met on Kongregate, we decided to "date."   We met in person twice over the summer, then just texted and skyped and all the long distance stuff that couples do.  It was a weird relationship though, I was just not a good boyfriend at the time, not cheating or anything, just dismissive at times and ignored her to go out drinking constantly.  

Well Chelsea and I started talking again more once the school year started up again, but she didn't know I was in a relationship since I was a bad boyfriend and had my relationship status hidden from general facebook view.   But I just figured I could have female friends and it would be innocent.  

So Chelsea and I hung out a few times in the HUB, and at some mutual meetings and stuff, pretty innocent stuff.  Never really on the weekends though, as she wasn't 21 yet.  But she was cool, fun to hang out with, and she ended up asking me out.  

Now, let to preface this and point out that I was, and still am a complete and utter dumbass who is completely hopeless with women and unable to pick up on even the most obvious of signals.  I thought she just wanted to hang out.  She didn't even say we were going out, just said that her roommates were busy and she wanted something to do, I said mine were busy and we could hang out.  She was like, yes let's do that.  Then she gave me her address and said to pick her up on saturday and like 5.   

I thought that was weird, but whatever, I can give her a ride so we can hang out.  

I get there and she asks where we're going to eat, she's dressed up, I'm not.  I am still not aware that this is a date.   


She suggests we go to Olive Garden since they have a lot of vegetarian options.  She then, on the 10 minute drive there spends half the time talking about this vegetarian place she wants to try since she's vegetarian, and that Olive Garden has good vegetarian options.   I'm well aware she's a vegetarian.  We ended up going to Texas Roadhouse because Olive Garden was busy.  Ooops.  

Afterwards, I paid since she didn't have a purse, thinking whatever, she can pay next time.  Then we go back to my place to play CoD: Black Ops. I then keep answering texts from my girlfriend, while hanging out with this girl, who keeps trying to get me to make a move.  She kept moving closer, putting her hand on my thighs, leaning in and laughing at all of my corny jokes that are terrible.   


Long story short, we hang out and I take her home, telling her "peace." as I drop her off.  

I get home and talk about hanging out with Chelsea with Sasha.  Sasha then points out I just went on a date. 

I denied it for like a week before realizing that Chelsea stopped talking to me afterwards and her friends told my friends that I took her on the worst date ever.  We saw eachother once a week for the rest of the school year though, and said maybe 50 words to eachother.  

My relationship with Sasha did not last after that. She has a reddit account, so I'm betting she'll see this and I'll get a snap later.   

I still don't know what happened to Chelsea since she transferred schools and deleted her facebook.  


I still maintain that I did not know I was going on a date or cheating since I didn't know it was a date.   But this is definitely a story I don't tell new girlfriends.    I do still go to Texas Roadhouse a lot though, I don't regret going there at all.  