This TIFU happened a few weeks ago, but I'm new and just discovered this subreddit.

I love my sister, but she tends to make incredibly bad life decisions. I do my best to be sensitive and not to judge her or be condescending in anyway which is why she usually comes to me when she's f'd something up.  But this time I f'd up too, Reddit.

I randomly text her to see how she was doing.  She says not so great so of course I asked why.  That's when she said she really needed to talk to me, but she was afraid of what I would think of her.  I told her that if she needed to talk, I was here for her, that she knew she could tell me anything. She insisted that she was sure I would be disappointed in her.  

Trying to keep it light hearted because she sounded so upset, I gave her an extreme example of something I knew she wouldn't have done to show I could never be disappointed in her.  

I texted her back this, "Sis, I love you no matter what. It's what sisters do.  Did you murder your children? Because that is literally the only thing you could do that might make me think less of you, lol."

I have no idea why I said that, Reddit.  Because, I could have given any other crazy example like, "if you murder SOMEONE", or "if you sleep with my husband",  but no.  I had to say if you murder your children. She has kids, I have kids too, so it was the perfect example because I knew neither of us could ever harm a hair on our kid's heads. 

My sister texted back that she was pregnant and it was not her boyfriend's.  She wanted my advice about having an abortion.

Cue the longest apology via text ever.

UPDATE and CLARIFICATION :
I am a woman which makes me a sister. 
My sister has kids from a previous marriage. They are not the BF's. 
Technically,  I should have written  EX BF because he left.  They had been having problems for a long time. 
AFAIK, EX BF didn't know about the pregnancy  or cheating. 
And EX BF definitely would have known it wasn't his.  She wouldn't have nor could have passed the kid off as his.
She said she used protection.  
I don't know what she has decided to do.  
I did offer to help her anyway I could but only if she faced the music and told EX BF (He was not an ex at the time I made this offer.) and the father what happened. Because I believe that the father deserves to voice his opinion.  And who knows, maybe EX BF would have tried to make it work. Crazier things have happened.  In my experience,  coming clean results in better resolutions. 


TL;DR
Put foot in mouth about my sister murdering her children to find out she wanted to discuss an abortion after a one night stand.