Was coming home Saturday evening after many, many beers with a mate. There's a brothel near my place and I was feeling drunk, horny and foolish, so figured what the hell and went in.

Ended up booking two hours with a young lady there. In amongst other things we made small talk and she mentioned that she was only 19 years old. I'm only 27, but even so I felt momentarily awkward about this new piece of information. Nevertheless we continued, and as the minutes passed she became more and more friendly, kissing me and generally making it into some kind of impromptu GFE. I found myself having a lot more fun with this girl than I was expecting. About half way through she offered to get me a drink, noting that she herself did not imbibe alcohol. When I inquired further about this she said alcohol made her a bit crazy and offhandedly noted that she preferred to smoke crystal instead. 

Wait, what?

I'm pretty easy going but even so I was taken aback. I mustn't have shown it however, because she soon returned both with a drink and a glass pipe, and asked me to join her. I don't know if it was the alcohol or the rush of the moment or severe lack of blood flow to the brain, but I simply nodded and said, "Sure!" 

Brimming artificial confidence and a libido on overdrive, we go at it like rabbits. Then she stops me with a sly grin and tells me that for a bit more cash we can continue sans the condom.

If it's not evident to you by now, I am a very poor decision maker.

Took her up on the offer because what could possibly go wrong, and commenced Act III. Afterwards, she gave me her number (is it just me or is that weird), I got home and passed out on the couch. Woke up the next morning and slowly began to feel a wave of horror wash over me as I remembered the events of the previous night, and the concerning number of firsts I had unwittingly achieved. And soon I will be taking part in yet another first: my first STI blood test.


TL;DR: did crystal meth and barebacked a 19 y/o hooker