TL;DR Basically, i got into a wrong truck and drove across state lines.
Today, I drove to Oregon which is a good hour+ drive as I'm in Washington to go to the outlet stores.
I parked about 400ft away from the side of the mall and did my shopping. I was there a good hour as I had a plan of hitting 4 stores only for a few items and leaving. 
I make it to my truck and set everything in the back of the bed. I noticed some rude person had thrown a half full bottle of Pepsi and an empty cigarette in the back. I grumbled and unlocked the door and hopped in. I turned the ignition and my radio station comes on - just how I left it. No reason to really think otherwise. 
I drive an hour back to Washington and pull into my driveway. I start to put down my tailgate to unload what I bought - and I just froze -then I got pissed. On the bumper was a sticker that had some hippie quote on it. Thinking the perpetrator who put the Pepsi bottle and cigarette pack in the bed of my truck thought it would be funny to put a sticker on my truck. 
I happen to have a glass scraper in my glovebox from a painting job. I open my glovebox and shit bricks. Inside was a hairband (Im a dude with short hair), a photo of some strange kid (I don't have a kid), a dog leash (I own a cat) and a coupon book for a neighboring town that happened to be about 22 miles from my home. 
At this point, I am fully aware this was not my vehicle. I'm certain my heart stopped beating for a few seconds.
I Googled Oregon's police and notified them that I had just been at the outlet store and I believe I drove off with another person's truck by mistake - all the way back to Washington. They asked what year and model and the same year Ranger truck was "stolen" and gave them the license plate number to confirm. The officer said "Coincidently, there is the same year and model Ranger parked two spots away with Washington plates, too. I take that is you car, can you confirm the license plate?".
To make a long story short, I made it there in 40 minutes to the outlet store - right by an officer and a woman who waved me down. After the officer taking my ID and the owner's keys from me, the woman could actually make a joke about the situation. I jokingly asked her to see if her keys would start my truck: and they did. Found out she lives in the next town over by me. After filling out paperwork with the officer, I drove sheepishly back to Washington - in my own truck! So, readers of Reddit, TIFU by getting in the wrong vehicle and traveled across state lines. 

