So, this actually happened today, I know, never happened before on this sub. But anyway, were gonna need some context. So, I live in a pretty nice apartment building with a roommate, lets call him Tim. I met my girlfriend because a few years ago she moved into the apartment next door. Lets call her Hannah.

Anyway. I'm on the couch in the living room this morning when I'm eating a tub of ice cream. No shame really, just going to town on it. I dont ever tell Hannah when I have ice cream, because the moment she finds out its in my freezer, I have about t minus four seconds until it's gone. Tim and I have this kind of running joke about the fact that we don't tell our girlfriends about the ice cream we have because we don't want them getting fatter. Now, mind you, neither of them are fat at all, we just dont want to share the ice cream.

So I have about a quarter of the container left, when Tim yells "Hey OP, dont you think Hannah would appreciate it if you shared some of your ice cream with her" so naturally my response was "if I give Hannah one more bite of ice cream she's going to be a clone of Rosey O'Donnell, so I'm gonna finnish this for her sake". 

See, here's where I fucked up. Hannah was in her bathroom when I said this. And her bathroom shares a wall with my living room. So she heard every word of that. Now, I didnt know she was in there. But I assume she must've already been in there an hour because it took about twenty seconds for her to knock on my door, and we all know women can't pass throw the door of a bathroom twice in the same hour.

So anyways. Hannah knocks on my door. Immediately I knew she had heard that. The look on her face was not anger, it was just blank. So what did I do? I offered her the ice cream, you know, because I'm a dumb ass. So she takes the ice cream, and as if she briefly became possessed by Michael Jordan, launches it across my living room, and nets it right into the trash can. 

At this moment I thought one of two things was about to happen. Either my girlfriend was about to use the remaining magic spells she had left to slay me down like Voldemort cutting down harrys parents. Or I was about to do a really poor job explaining what I just said. Sadly, despite the incredible shot, Hannah was not really a wizard and I had explanations to give. So while I'm fumbling over my words, Tim looks this girl in the eye and said to her "OP makes jokes about your weight to me so that I will feel better about never having a girlfriend as pretty as you".

I dont know what sorcery this guy was using, but Hannah looks at me and says "awwwwww, you really think I'm that pretty?".

tl;dr my roommate is the greatest bro of all time. My girlfriend is probably a little slow.

Edit: We have reached the magical land known as the front page. I didnt know reaching this place was possible for mere mortals, but here we are, and it couldn't have happened without you guys

Edit2: Gold! Youre the best internet stranger 

Edit3: Tim is not black. Tim is the most pasty white person to ever walk the earth

Edit4: Tim is not a redditor, but I sent him the link to let him know he was the internet's white knight of the day. He had two things to say, "why did you say lets call them Tim and Hannah when that's our real names?" and that /u/vaaarr was definitely onto something and we're going to show Hannah this and see what happens. Should it end up being funny I'll make another post about it, but not until tomorrow, Monday is Chinese food night, and it's Hannah's turn to buy, so there's no way I'm risking that.

Edit5: Guys the joke was that I was going to town on a tub of ice cream and Hannah was the fat one. We seem to be missing this crucial piece of evidence, so I would like to point it out.

Final Edit: (I swear its the last one) okay so, I got home from work a few minutes ago, and as soon as I got back Hannah knocked on my door. She looked really worried and my first reaction was "okay shes trying to get me back, don't buy into it". So I ask her whats wrong and she reaches into her pocket and pulls out a pregnancy test. "what is this?" "its my new ipad, WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK IT IS?" theres two lines on it, so she shows me on the thing it comes with that this means positive. so I'm freaking out and ask her what the hell we do. she tells me she already called her parents and they were pretty happy about it, but shes still really nervous. okay... yeah. I can call my mom. Except that my mom is incredibly religious. I could tell my dad, but he would make me call my mom and tell her, where as my mom will at least tell my dad. Okay one call is better than two.

"Hey mom, it's OP, I'm calling with news"
"Yeah what's up?"
"Well, uhhhhh, Hannah is pregnant"
..........................................
"I said Hannah is-"
"Yes, I heard you."
"So uhhh, I'm gonna be a dad."
"That's..... exciting"
"Yeah. So, you're gonna be a grandma."
"Yes honey, I... I realize this."
"Sooooooo, I guess that's it"
"Alright, I will, I will talk to you later"

I hang up the phone, and Hannah BURSTS OUT LAUGHING. What the fuck was so funny about that? 
"Oh I had a girl pee on it at lunch today"
"You had a pregnant girl pee on a stick so I would call my mom to tell her you were pregnant"
"No, I never thought you would call your mom and tell her, that was all you"

tl;dr (again, I know I'm sorry) girlfriend got me back big time. admitted to my religious mom I have pre marital sex. not going to really be a dad. oh well, I guess I deserved that one