For once, this actually happened today. I work for a small start-up company, we only have a handful of employees. This morning I was driving to the airport and was on the phone with my colleague, let's call him Jesus for shits and giggles. 

Anyway, due to the small size of the company, we're all very informal with each other, and Jesus and I get on quite well. We go for beers together out of hours and have a good time. It's nice to get on with colleagues and actually be able to call them friends as well.

As I was saying, we were on the phone when I needed to pop into a petrol station to get fuel for my car. I told him that I needed to go because of this. He said ok and started to end the conversation. At this point my wife called. Yep. I'm a straight male, as is my colleague Jesus. Anyhoo, as I look at my screen which is telling me that my wife is trying to call me, and while simultaneously ending this call with Jesus, my brain decides to go into "end call with wife mode" and I hear myself saying" speak later, love you..."
To which Jesus replies "WTF....click"

I call myself stupid, fill up the car, then call the wife back, explaining to her what I just said to Jesus. She laughs and tells me to call him back and apologise. 

So, less than ten minutes after shaking with Jesus earlier  I do... And our office manager answers the phone, I ask to speak to Jesus, and just before she puts me through, she says "speak later, love you...."

I get through to Jesus and he's laughing about it all. I apologise profusely but I realise at this point that it's all around the office already and from now on all calls will be ended with  "speak later, love you".... 


EDIT: some people seem to think he's actually called Jesus.

EDIT 2: some people still think his real name is Jesus. 

I think he found me. I'll find out when I speak to him in the morning.

And some fucker has gone through my comment history, replying "Speak later, love you" to everything. 


RIP IN PEACE my inbox.

EDIT 3. Shaking? Should be talking. Stupid Swype. 
It took over 12 hours for that to get noticed.

EDIT 4: He just called, and played that Stevie Wonder hit down the phone at me. Then hung up. I do love the guys I work with!!