Obligatory this didn't happen to me today, but about a week ago.

Let me set the stage a little bit for those who don't know about video games. A squeaker is what we in the gaming world like to call a young male who has yet to hit puberty, but still likes to graphically describe the sex he had with your mom. He also loves to rage and yell obscenities that I am suprised someone this young knows their meaning or even their existence. 

Now the fuck up... 

I was playing black ops 2 and the day had not been going well. In an attempt to unwind, I decided to fire up the trusty ol' ps3 and play a few rounds. One of these little fucks was in the very first match. Right from the get go he was full-blown raging. And I don't mean the "Oh fuck you" rage I mean the stand up, yell, throw shit rage. Well about 2 rounds in, his parents must have came home because he suddenly stated whispering his threats and insults and his various "your mom" jokes. I decided to get him back. I first started by annoying him in every possible way. Once he was sufficiently annoyed, enough that he was back at a half whisper half shout, I stared giving him ever opportunity to use the "your mom" insult. Well at some point he finally got so fed up with my shit that he lost control and went on a full tirade about how he fucked my mom and anal and blah blah. Well in about 0.2 seconds his dad comes racing down (or up) the stairs and starts unloading on the kid. I mean the poor guy I almost felt bad for him. I convinced myself that the little twerp deserved it. That was, until I heard his dad drop the you're adopted part.... In his full rage and fight with his kid the dad said "your opinion doesn't even matter because you were adopted." This was obviously the first time the kid had heard this because right after the dad said this there was complete silence. I then heard the mom yell from wherever she was for the kids dad to come back and talk to her. I exited the lobby after 5 mins of complete silence minus the kid bawling his eyes out...

TL;DR: You're adopted

Edit 1: Thanks for the responses! As many of you have suggested, I will probably be posting this in /r/revenge soon, but as I am currently at a funeral with hardly any cell service so it won't be for a little while.

Edit 2: Many of you are suggesting that this story is fake. And to those people, I apologize that I have no video to go with this, but I assure you that this actually happened.

Edit 3: Thanks random stranger for the gold! And to anyone who STILL doesn't believe me, then you haven't played any or enough CoD to know the mentality/actions of these squeakers. Anybody who actually plays will know that this is entirely possible.

Edit 4: As this happened a week ago, I don't remember how the your adopted part came out, but I seem to remember it being something along those lines. And as for the mic not being able to pic those sounds up, yes if it was a headset but I believe it was a playstation eye because I could hear his game echoing in his mic as well.

Edit 5: Words