Recently, I decided to scare my boyfriend. I wanted to get revenge for the amount of times he has jumped out on me wearing one of those f*ing terrifying Guy Fawkes masks.  

He had just started a new job and I was home alone.  I found the mask and put it beside me, ready to put it on just as I heard him coming up the corridor.  I hadn’t really planned much further ahead than that to be honest. 

Several people came in and out of the building and I had no way of knowing whether or not it was him, so I was repeatedly putting the mask on… waiting… and taking it off.  After about 10 times I decided I’d just keep it on and put up with it until he got home.   

So I sat there with the mask on for a few minutes and couldn’t stop laughing about his imminent reaction.  I ended up needing the toilet.  For obvious reasons I decided it would be best if I went before he came through the door.  So I crept off to the bathroom.   Our light is attached to the fan, and not wanting to alert him to the fact I was home I decided to turn on the silent hallway light instead.  The light came through the frosted window in the door so I could just about see what I was doing.

When I was done, I approached the sink to wash my hands.  Out of habit, I looked up to see myself in the mirror and was greeted by a dimly lit, grinning Guy Fawkes mask that I had momentarily but completely forgotten about.  In sheer terror I screamed, fell backwards and almost knocked myself out on the wall before scrabbling to escape from the darkened room… making it all the way back to the living room before realising exactly what I had done.  He got home 10 minutes later.

I’ve not tried scaring him since.

TL;DR: I tried to scare my boyfriend with a Guy Fawkes mask and ended up terrifying myself instead.

--

EDIT: I'm having the best time reading through the comments and despairing at myself.  Here are some answers to some of the questions.

How did I forget I was wearing the mask?
Short answer, I'm just that kind of person.  But yeah.. I don't know it was weird.  I usually wear glasses so I'm used to stuff being on my face and I guess the bathroom was dark.  I was also thinking more about how hilarious it was going to be for me than how terrified he would be.

Why is the Guy Fawkes mask scary?
I find the Guy Fawkes mask the scariest out of all the masks I've come across and it only has to be left on a table for it to upset me. It's scarier to me than clown faces, dolls faces or any of that supposedly creepy stuff.  V for Vendetta is an amazing film, but it gives me the creeps for days.  Needless to say I don't watch horror films.  I also don't like being home alone.

How did it take so long to realise?
I'm in a little flat so it only really took about 10 seconds for me to get out of the bathroom and into the living room.  I know it's still a ridiculous amount of time but it wasn't 10 minutes before I realised.

Did I tell my boyfriend what had happened?
I was still trying to recover when he came in the door, going from trying to breathe to laughing at myself.  So I couldn't really get away from telling him the story and getting laughed at.

Why do I shut the bathroom door when I'm home alone?
The door is on one of those hinges that automatically swing shut.  I have a doorstop but it's fiddly and I was desperate.