Allow me to set the background for this tale. It was my best pals 22nd birthday on the 27th of December. He decided he wanted to suit up and hit up Glasgow, visit a casino and do a pub crawl. By the time we got back to the train home the party of about 10 of us including his sister and dad are all pretty drunk.

We all take seats that are just next to the toilet. The toilet has a sliding door in a quarter circle shape that automatically slides open and shut by a set of two buttons on each side of the door. The door is also visible all the way down the train carriage which is packed with people just as merry as we were that night. 

Anyway being the wee annoying drunk dick I am, whenever one of us went up to use the toilet, just as the door is about to slide fully shut I would press the "open" button adding to the carefree drunken banter of the night , the set of buttons is just by my head at the seat I'm sitting in, obviously once the door is fully closed it can be locked from the inside. 

So this frivolity carries on for a while even with just random folk on the train until the game changes completely. A tiny little old woman with a walking stick comes hobbling up the carriage, a poster child for osteoporosis, and makes for the toilet. Those of the squad that was standing politely move out way. This is sadly the only courtesy she's going to get. 

She slides the door shut and normal conversation resumes. Maybe a couple minutes go by and note to my friends that vacant sign is still lit and she hasn't locked the door and in all honesty said "should probably make sure nobody opens that" 

But alas at that moment I seen a shiny black object in my peripheral heading for my head, I turned around to only see my friends well polished black shoe stop short of my ear but hit squarely on the "open" button. Things are in slow-mo, I look round at my pal who has just done this terrible deed with a shit eating grin on his face and back round to see the door slide open to reveal a old woman, pants around her ankles taking a shite in full view of the entire train carriage. 

Like a dear in highlights she freezes for second and and then promptly closes the door. Once the intial shock passed I tried to scold my pal, I wanted to be angry at this point give him hell. "What the Fuck are you playing at mate!?" Was supposed to come out in angry conviction but my voice cracked eventually there's tears rolling down my face and everyone else is in hysterics apart from my friends Dad who has fled in embarrassment. However things don't end there. 

The woman was still on the john and things had calmed down a little when all of sudden this drunk old guy out his nut comically dressed in double denim came swaggering up non detected by us and before anyone could say "aww here mate don't bother pressing that bu..." The door wooshed open a revealing this woman on the bog a second time. 

This big guy shat himself (figuratively) shut the door and high tailed it down the carriage in embarrassment. Leaving the rest of in renewed hysterics and guilt. 

Before long she emerges from her cage of shame and walks by a group of young men suited in there Sunday finest trying to unsuccessfully trying to stifle there laughter and rightly says in her Glasgow accent

"yous lot should be damn ashamed of yourself" 

Which I feel like saying I was, truly. But the comedic effect of a sliding door opening and revealing a old woman indisposed overcame any shred of decency I had. 

But the story doesn't end there

A short while passes and the woman returns this time with company,could be daughter or carer. The old woman once again returns to the toilet while her friend makes the shape of a angry star fish outside the door, protecting protecting this old woman's last few scraps of dignity, who upon entering the bog again has repeated her fatal error. 

Now this woman is seething with rage, giving everyone an earful and threatening police action against all of us and anyone else down the carriage that is laughing. I'm still holding back tears of laughter as are my companions. All eyes on the train are on this woman as she goes on tirade that we are discriminating against her old disabled friend. To which the actual first offender replied. 

"Mate, It would be discrimination if we didni fuckin laugh at her and plus it's not our fault she hasn't locked the door in the first fuckin place"

She replied with "of course she has fucking locked the door! LOOK!"

And with the conviction that only a pissed middle-aged woman can muster, she battered the open button with the side of her fist. Once again revealing this poor old indisposed woman sitting on the bog for the third time. 

"Oh for fuck sake Agnes" the middle-aged woman shouts at her poor old friend. "You said you fuckin locked it!"

The train erupts at this point. I don't think I've ever cried with laughter harder in my life. The final blow is dealt

The hangover after that night was ridiculous. The whole day after I was convinced I might be some horrible morally ambiguous monster but having told the story a few times now it's never failed to make folk laugh. So I'd thought I'd share it with you guys

TL;DR. laughed at poor old woman caught indisposed 3 times 
