So, this happened two weeks ago, but I'm only getting out of the hospital yesterday.

Here goes, with a throwaway cause you'll see..

Here I am, day 6, the pipes are clogged, not even gas is able to escape this. Doctor (on day 5) said to take some laxatives, no effect, the urge is great, the pressure is extreme, and the pain, my god the pain. But he said, whatever you do, let it come naturally, and don't force, you don't want to hurt yourself. (He also said go to the ER if nothing after morning attempt)

So here I am, morning after taking a ton of laxatives the doc gave me the day before, still nothing, except the laxatives, overnight made things way worst, I swear to god my stomach was twice it's size, and I felt like it was going to explode.

So I'm sitting on the can, approaching hour 3, I felt a bit of movement, and decided to "push", and low and behold, after 15 minutes of pushing, I get this HUGE relief. I finally had a crap! Then came the spine chilling feeling, my inards felt like ice, my spine went numb, my legs go numb. Thinking I was just sitting there too long, i go to wipe, and I hit something. I stand up a bit to see something dangling from me.

It was my colon. I forced my asshole right out of my body. Freaked out by having a 1.5ft piece of asshole hanging out of me, I called an ambulance, and off to the hospital I went.

I was in the hospital from new years eve until yesterday night. On new years day I seen my doctor who told me not to force. I told him what happened, and he said, that's why I didn't want you to force, you have a chance on big blockages like that to detatch parts of your intestines and it can come out with the poo. Well shit.

So here I am, 3 operations later, sitting on a doughnut for the next 6-8 weeks, shitting in a bag for the next 3. All because I forced when I shouldn't of.

TIL: Don't force out a crap when you are extremely constipated, you might shit out your own ass.

TL;DR: I shit out my own asshole.

So, lots of people are telling me my spelling is shit. It's shit cause it's my 3rd language, and I don't give two shits. Please realize that some people in this world speak different languages before English. 