Using a throwaway account for this. Earlier this week I was in class preparing to do my history presentation in front of everyone. I already suffer from extreme stage fright and the idea of standing in a crowded room talking about the fucking Zulu war scared the shit out of me.


When it was my turn to deliver my presentation I stood up and slowly walked to the top of the classroom holding tightly onto my flashcards to stop my hands from shaking uncontrollably.


As soon as I turned around to face everyone there was a still silence followed by loud gasps and deafening laughter. I thought it was due to something that happened at the back of the classroom that I missed out on.


When the laughs and "oh my fucking gods" continued my teacher who was sitting at his desk behind me got really pissed and shouted at everyone to shut up, threatening to kick out anyone who made a peep. Still confused as hell as to what was happening I noticed my classmate's faces turning bright red trying to suppress their laughter.


As soon as I started talking one boy burst out laughing which set everyone off again. This time the teacher got more pissed off than I had ever seen him and he ended up storming out of the class telling us that he's not going to bother teaching us if we can't learn to behave.


He then slammed the door behind him leaving me standing at the top of the class with my penis unknowingly exposed not knowing what to fucking do. I then heard one guy shout "You've got a lovely willy Paul"


I looked down and saw my soft flaccid penis poking through the hole of my boxer shorts and out through my unzipped fly. The moment of realisation hit me like a ton of bricks and I thought I was going to pass out. I hurriedly put my penis back into my pants and everyone started jeering and clapping.


It really felt like I was in a nightmare and I am extremely overwhelmed and embarrassed by everything. I immediately ran out of the class and locked myself into a toilet cubicle. As soon as the coast was clear I ran home and haven't been to school since. 

TL;DR Doing a presentation in class - penis unknowingly exposed - social life ruined


[Edit] Thanks everyone for your kind and helpful words. My Facebook is full of comments from my friends who are worried about me not showing up to school. They are also advising me just to man up and laugh it off. The free willy t-shirt idea is definitely something I'll consider too lol. I'm going go back to school on Monday mainly because the teacher is aware of what happened and Im worried he's going to ring my mom and tell her everything.