To begin, this didn't happen today, or a few months ago. I was in the fourth grade circa 1995ish. 

I've never spoken about this since it happened but out there somewhere, there are around 30, former 4th grade students who if asked can recall the horror on my face. It all began over the summer of 1995. We had taken a family trip to Mammoth Caves in Kentucky.  We had a great time touring the caves. My dad had taken with us a camcorder he had recently purchased, and video taped many of the tours we went on. Fast forward the summer and onto the school year. 

We were studying science at the time. Different types of rocks, and how they were formed if I recall correctly. The teacher told us that we were to have a show and tell of the different types of rocks that we were able to find around our neighborhood. Naturally I recalled all of the awesome rock formations I had seen at Mammoth Caves, and asked if I could bring the video instead. Excited to see some of the footage my teacher agreed. 

I went home and asked my mom and dad if I could share one of the tapes. They said I could and asked if I knew where they were. I said that I did. Wellllllll aparently the tapes that were stored in their dresser drawer weren't footage of our family vacation. Now, let me backtrack a little before I get to the nitty gritty. I'd like to add that I was a very curious kid. I would sneak into anywhere I could just to explore and see things. My parents' room was one of the locations I would sneak into. Thats how I knew that there were some camcorder tapes in their dresser. 

Moving along, I grabbed one of the camcorder tapes from the dresser. It was marked #3. I think that I figured that it was labeled that way because my dad took several videos on the trip, and I had never really seen him use the camcorder for anything else. Being a 4th grader I had no idea that my parents would have used it to record *that*. So myself, with video in my backpack went to school skipping happily, not knowing the horror that was to come. 

Show and tell day was finally here. I couldn't wait to knock the socks off of everyone with my videos of stalagmites and stalactites, and cave rooms filled with glittering quartz. At last my turn was next! My teacher rolled the tv and vcr to the front of the room and announced that "You are all in for a verrry special treat!" Little did we all know that "treat" was in fact going to be "special". 

She popped the video into the vcr and pressed play. I immediately recognized the room on the screen. "Huh, thats odd" I thought to myself. Then in the corner of the screen appears my mom. Luckily with all her bathing suit areas covered by lingerie. Then dad.....ohhh god. Hes in a speedo. Right then my teacher noticed what was happening and raced to the tv to shut it off before the class witnessed anything rated "R". 10 seconds of footage that seemed to last an eternity we're now burned into my memory along with the uproarious laughter of 30, 10 year old kids. 

My teacher grabbed the tape and called me to the hallway. I was in tears. Mortified. She asked me what the hell? I told her I had no idea that *that* was on the tape. She believed me and took the tape to the principal who called my parents. They told them that they had to go and pick up the tape and made me return to class. Stepping back into the classroom was the single most embarassing thing that has ever happened to me. And I'm 30 now. My parents never spoke of it. I'm sure they figured the embarassment was punushment enough. They never came to get the tape. 

I was ridiculed for weeks. Eventually people forgot and life returned to normal. Hopefully you werent expecting to read that my whole class watched as my dad had explicit relations with my mom. Not so sure I'd be sharing if that were the case. 

TL;DR Took family vacation to Mammoth Caves, dad took videos. I then took what I thought were those videos to class for show and tell.....turned out to be parent porn.