Long time lurker, first time poster. This happened awhile back, but it's a pretty perfect story for TIFU.

A few years a go, I had just finished going through a bad breakup with this sociopath of a girl. Essentially, I went home from college for my Dad's birthday and she decides to tell me that she "had to sleep" with someone else. The reason was that I "wasn't there to satisfy her" for the 3 days in which I was away from my university town.

Anyway, she called me while I was at home to tell me the news and I was devastated. My mum, being the strange woman that she is, decides that she's going to invite me to an amateur fashion show so that hopefully I'll meet a nice girl (to eventually marry and have beautiful children with - I know). Bizarrely, I run into this girl called Sara who seems into me. We arrange a date for the next day and I thank my mum for the invitation.

Side note: my mother has caught some virus and feels ill.

Continuing the story:

I go out with Sara - and I am just on full form. I'm charming witty and I'm pretty quickly forgetting about the Ex-GF. So now we've had about 8 drinks each and Sara is a crass girl -- and I'm pretty forthcoming too. It gets to the point where she gives me this sultry look, and I just say "let's just get out of here and fuck". Not my best line, but she agrees. I mean, we're both pretty slaughtered by this point. It's 2 a.m, and we're stumbling down the street. She even falls over she’s so drunk. After making sure she’s okay we walk to the taxi rank.

I ask if we can go to hers, and she demands that we go to mine - something about a stalker-ish roommate? (Forgive me on details - this was a long time a go.) I'm now in this awkward situation where I want to take this girl back to my parent's place, but I know they would not be cool with this. I decide fuck it - and we get a taxi back to my place. 

Anyway, we sneak in, my parents are asleep and we quickly get to work. Now, I don’t mean to be rude, but this girl MOANS. But not like a sexy moan, I mean a kind of sleepy / slightly in pain moan. After making sure that she was still into it (she was), I continue.

This is where things get bad. 

I hear a knock on my door. It’s my mum, “James? James? Is that you? Are you ill?”. I respond in a strained voice “Yeah mum, I’m fine, I was a bit ill but I’m feeling okay now”. My mum says something and buggers off. 

So I’m going at Sara in missionary and she won’t shut up. Here’s where it gets really bad. There’s this pillow next to her face, and I kinda *gently* put this pillow over her face a bit. Y’know - to muffle the noise? (I did check with her the next day - apparently she was okay with this.) Anyway, this seems to help. Her moans are now quieter and I think I’m in the clear. 

…Or so I thought. My mum now just barges into my room *convinced* that I’m ill. She’s carrying cough syrup, painkillers, a sick bowl and all sorts. Then she sees me pounding away at this girl with a pillow over the head and a guilty look on my face. This is not the climax of the story. Anyway, after an awkward 10 second silence. She leaves, and Sara and I go to sleep. Sara then leaves at 5am. I’m now just praying to god that we’re English enough such that this will never get brought up out of awkwardness.

My mum looks at me with disgust over breakfast. Stony silence. After some small talk, she decides that she needs to do the washing. She then says that I will need to “wash my sheets”. I take the hint and bring down the semen stained duvet. Except, my duvet isn’t white. It’s red. It turns out, when Sara fell down on the way to the taxi rank, she cut open her leg. 

There was then a lot of discussion. Long story short: My mum thinks I have a fetish for shagging girls on their period and strangling them.

TL;DR. My mum thinks I'm into some strange fetishes.
