So this happend about a year ago but I felt like it would fit well here. 

My very good friend that I attened elementary school and high school that we'll name "Levi" was home for the weekend and I hadn't seen him in about 8 months since he had been deployed to Iraq for his second time since joing the US army in 2011. 

Levi and I have always been close and for second we even considered being a couple (I am a female) but it just never worked out. But I wrote him letters all through his basic training and when he got deployed all through his first 6 months of that as well. 

He is an field artillary man and from our letters back and forth I could tell that he was seeing some things over there but he never went too much into detail besides saying how bored he was and how nice the villagers were near his camp. 

So anyways he gets back home and of course we all (other friends of ours) decide to go out and celebrate! 

Levi and I have always been pretty heavy drinkers around each other. We always encourage each other to get way way way too intoxicated but for the most part it's all been fun and games.
So same thing tonight. We're challanging each other to chug beer after beer, and to attempt the line of shots call the "Three Wisemen"...... Needless to say I puked all over the bar floor and we were asked kindly to leave the establishment. 


So our group of friends are trying to walk to the bus stop and catch a ride home. I am walking with our good friend Kendra borrowing a cigarette as Levi is stumbling a few feet ahead of us. Basically all I remember next is thinking to my drunken self how happy I am to see Levi again and how much I missed him. I remember getting this bright idea to jump on Levi's back and try to get a piggy-back ride from him, something we used to do often in the hallways of high school. I remember taking off, cigarette still in my hand, and flying at Levi from behind. 

The next morning I woke up in the hospital, I couldn't see out of my left eye and my head was in so much pain I can't even describe. Kendra and my dad were sleeping in the chairs right next to the bed and when I woke up they woke up too. They starting freaking out and a whole bunch of nurses came in and asked me a whole bunch of questions and then my mom showed up and finally I had to shout to every one to shut the fuck up and tell me what happened. 

Kendra's eyes got super wide as she told me, "You ran up behind Levi and looked like you were trying to jump on him," to which I interupted and said, "Yeah! I was trying to get him to give me piggy back ride!" 

She shook her head and continued with, "Dude. He threw you to the ground. He punched you a whole bunch of times in the face and was screaming. It took Hank, Joey, and Oliver to get him off of you. They had to hold him down and call the cops. It was really really bad. You were bleeding every where." 

Turns out that in my druken state I decided that jumping on a very drunk Army field officer who has seen two tours of war in Iraq was a super good idea and got my mother fucking ass beat. 

My eye socket was broken but other then that all the other injuries were minor scraps, bruises, and such. The police wanted me to press charges and had held Levi over night but I refused as did my parents. We even issued a statement saying that what had happened was my fault and 100% preventable if I hadn't been so stupid. My dad and my grandfather are both ex-military and seriously.... I should have known. 

Levi wouldn't come near me after being released and caught the next flight back to his base 5 states away. He was almost dishonorably discharged except that my dad and my grandfather both called his boss and explained that we were not mad at all or going to press charges that we just wanted to make sure he got to counseling to help some of his PTSD. My dad also learned that Levi's team had lost 6 members his first tour of Iraq in a shoot out (something he has never told any of us back home) which just makes me hurt for him knowing that he's seen his own friends killed.

Levi still has refused to talk to me since that night minus a "Get Well" card I recieved with a note saying that "I will never forgive myself for what I have done. Please find it in your heart to forgive me". I have tried faccebook, letters, texts, calls, anything to get him to talk to me. So here's my last shot. 

Levi, I know if you read this story you'll know who you are. You're the one who introduced me to reddit so I am hoping you can see this right now. It was me who fucked up, not you. I know better then to come up from behind on someone who has seen what you have seen. I am so sorry. My eye socket healed perfect but I wish we could be friends again. So just know that TIFU... not you. 