This happened last night, but I'm still laughing at it, so I thought you guys might enjoy it.
About 6 months ago, my girlfriend took a kitten in that we had seen wandering around the apartment complex for several weeks. The cat has been attached to her hip ever since, and walks around meowing whenever she's not here.
Keep in mind that my apartment walls are very thin.
So last night, I come home from work as my girlfriend is leaving for her shift. I take the dog out for a walk, feed both pets, open the back door because it's extremely nice outside, make myself dinner, then turn on the Xbox to play some Halo. As I sit down, the cat starts meowing louder than normal, so I pick her up and put her on my lap and start petting her to try to calm her down, which usually works, but she just keeps getting louder and eventually jumps off my lap to roam around the apartment and continue bitching.
She does this for a solid 30 minutes before I yell "Bitch, I will cut you!".
A few minutes later, I decide I'm gross from work and need a shower. So as I'm showering, the cat pushes the door open, hops up on the toilet seat and continues her fit. I peek my head out of the curtain and yell "Shut up! I will fucking throw you away!" (Before people complain, I wouldn't actually do that, I love the cat, she was just getting on my nerves). She continues her bitch-fit after my shower, while I clean up around the apartment  and yell idle threats at the feline.
I finish up cleaning, and sit back down to play some Halo with my cousin online. 5 minutes after doing so, there's a stern knock at the door, followed by the words "Phoenix Police, open up." My heart speeds up a little bit as all I can think is "Why the hell are the cops here?" So I answer the door to see two officers, while I stand there like a deer in the headlights, Xbox controller in hand, headset still on. "We got a report of a possible domestic dispute in this apartment, mind if we come in?" I'm standing there with an idiotic and confused look on my face "Uh, you sure you're in the right place? I'm the only one here."
"The complaint said [my apartment number], we need to come in and make sure everyone's ok."
"Yeah, sure, come on in." I put my controller and headset down and waited as they did their thing.
After going through my small place, and obviously not finding anyone, they asked if anyone else had been here at all, to which I told them it had just been me all night. "The report we received mentioned people hearing threats of you 'cutting someone and throwing them away'".
I immediately relaxed and started laughing to myself once they said that. I told them I had (not seriously) yelled that at the cat (who was still meowing the entire time they were there) because she wouldn't be quiet. They laughed a bit, decided that I in fact hadn't actually cut, beaten, or thrown anyone away, told me to keep it down next time, and went on their way.
I sat back down and put my headset back on and hear my cousin laughing his ass off saying " Did that really just happen?!"
"Yeah. Yeah it did."


TL;DR - Don't yell at the pussy. The cops will come


EDIT: Apparently this made front page! Thanks guys (and annoying cat)! Glad you enjoyed the shenanigans



EDIT 2: Here is the pussy. I use her as a pillow. Sorry not sorry for potato quality http://imgur.com/nYSehut


EDIT 3: Gold?! Thanks guys! I guess I won't throw the cat away after all