Do I get bonus points for this happening today? Little back story, I hate my job with a passion. I excelled very far in a certain field and got all other roles takes away from me to focus on this mind numbing process that I can apparently break records in. 

I have a semi-private office, and can get away with playing on my phone most days, if certain people aren't in that day I can get away with Netflix. But the safe option has always been just playing around on my phone, since my data allowance starting taking a real chomp when I found a new way to speed up my working routine, I decided to switch to my old Pokemon games, Fire Red for those that must know. 

So over the last two weeks, I've managed to train myself up a good little team, decided that I wouldn't use any legendaries or cheat codes to get certain Pokemon. Leaving the only real challenge for the most part was catching a Dratini in the safari zone. I hadn't played a new pokemon game since Silver/Gold/Crystal. And Fire Red was a recent purchase to relive old glories. So trying to remember the weaknesses / evolutions / everything else to be the best, like no one ever was. It actually turned out to be quite challenging, and really enjoyable. 

Until the Elite Four, I was fucking up pretty much all day Monday, maybe two or three hours worth of playing and I'd fall at either Lance or the Ghost woman. Simple mistakes or risks that I shouldn't take, I had a splitting headache so I wasn't concentrating that much anyway. I gave up, turned my phone off and went back to work, for once. Then comes today. 

I'm through to Lance, all 6 pokemon still going an healthy, I'm halfway through the battle, he's already lost three of his Pokemon, and I get a call from the other office telling me there's a conference on line 1. 

This is an important phone call, there's our manager, his manager, the area manager, regional manager, regional director and that guys boss, I don't even know what that guys title is but he probably made what I make in a year just listening to the next five minutes of awkwardness. 

I defeat Lance during the opening the conference, I lost two Pokemon, no revives left, a few max potions, so I restore my four remaining Pokemon and head off to face Green. I'm not involved during this part of the conversation on the phone, so I focus on my battle, it's tense, it's down to one on one, my Riachu hits a Thunder on Blastoise and I win! Forgetting where I am I shout "fuck yeah!" ...

Silence. And then... silence is broken...

"WHO THE FUCK SAID THAT? I WILL FIND OUT WHO SAID THAT AND I WILL MAKE SURE I COME DOWN THERE AND FIRE YOU PERSONALLY. GOD HELP WHOEVER THAT WAS."

End of phone call. I hang up, pretend not to know anything and go ask my manager in the other office what just happened, explaining that I wasn't listening to that part of the conversation since my part wasn't for another ten minutes in the briefings. The explanation is horrifying. This is pretty much a quote from what he said:

"It was insane, [Boss Man's Name] was talking about charity work and the collections in each of our stores, he said something like 'this is a charity that I set up in memorial for my daughter, who died last year.' and someone yelled fuck yeah. Whoever that is, is screwed. Just keep quiet the rest of the day and try to keep all queries in this office, give him time to find out who that was."

So that's where I am now... probably gonna get fired. At least I hated this job, right?

UPDATE: holy shit my inbox exploded, and front page, kind of awesome. For those wanting an update, I posted this about 11pm over here so I'll give a proper update tomortow when I'm back in and find out whats going on. The conference got rescheduled so hopefully I won't do the same thing again.

Also no, my phone did not have a mute function. Mute functions cost money.

UPDATE 2: Okay so most important question out the way first: my team was Charizard, Dragonite, Riachu, Pidgeot, Marowak(with that club that increases its attack) and Poliwrath.

Question 2: My phone really didnt have a mute.

Question 3: Yes in 2014, this phone did not have a mute. The other phones don't have a loudspeaker.

In all seriousness, in the mix of people wishing I'd get fired, calling bullshit or just crying about something else, some people asked for an actual update. I walked into work this morning and the big boss guy (who, as someone suggested) shall henceforth be known as Giovanni, has scheduled a new meeting and blamed "unfortunate timing and inappropriate actions on both ends" and the matter is pretty much over with.

Seems like all will be okay, I've decided to chat with my boss about incorporating new roles into my job and looks like I'll have some more things to do around the office. Yay.

I'll try to respond to replies on my lunch break, the nicer ones anyway, today this office shall stay Pokemon free. Although I've heard good things about Ruby...