**TL;DR Used Waze to report a speed trap, got "harassed" by a cop that spotted my vehilcle**

Well, this just happened minutes ago. I had to go get an MRI this morning, and on the way there I pass a speed trap on the other side of the highway. I see this trap every morning and I always use Waze on my drives, so I plug in a map chat to warn people. I've done this on other days and figured I'll just do it again.

I arrive at the MRI facility and I get a notification from Waze that someone thanked me for the note. After the MRI, I take the same way home and pass the speed trap again. The speed limit is 55 in that area and I'm only going about 52, so I'm good, right? Nope...two motorcycle cops come rolling up behind me and pull me over.

I turn off my Jeep and roll the window down and wait. One of them approaches and I say hello. He asks me for my license and says "it's not nice to tattle on people". I say "Sorry, I don't follow" and he says "oh, you didn't get my note on waze? " I then realize that he was the one that thanked me for the warning. He used the app and saw me coming on the way back. Then he asks how long I've been in town and I tell him I moved here about 3 months ago.  He starts to tell me that I have to register my vehicle in state after 10 days and then asks why my drivers license (from FL) has a Texas address on it, and that it must be bad.  I explain that in military and exempt from having to register my vehicle here and that is the same reason why my license had a Texas address... Renewing while out of state. He walks back to his bike and calls it in. 

He finally walked back up and hands me back my license and says "stop reporting our speed trap, we can make your morning commute a lot more difficult every morning. Have a nice day"

Edit/Update thingey:  Damn, didn't expect a full inbox after work.    I don't view this as harassment, people.  I drive a rather recognizable vehicle and was the only one in that lane for a good distance and slowed down as I passed them (habit from Florida and the "Move over/slow down law")  I got a good distance passed them when they rolled up.  So for those calling BS on the Waze constant tracking, I could have been on his map by then, who knows.

   I've been pulled over before for my out of state tags, and considering I only have a rear tag, some cops have zeroed in on me in the 2 tag states.  When he walked up, he wasn't condescending (that means you talk down to people) or rude.  It just seemed like he was blowing off a little steam.  After he figured out the whole military out of state thing, and the DL address thing, he made a quick stab and let me go.  I'm only going to say it was Denver PD... no reason to drag this shit out and bring in the Supreme Court.

  For those who don't understand Waze and the map chat thing...it shows the chat bubble on the map and when you click on it, it shows who posted it.  For all I know, the cop could have been stopping me for something else and then realized I was the one who posted that...I don't care.  I just thought this FU was different because of the circumstances.

  And for those calling BS on my plate being my Waze username... Its a vanity plate, not a standard issue one.

  Oh, and thanks for the gold, Officer.