So for the last two years my wife and I have lived in a house just outside of Kansas City. It's a quiet neighborhood. Very Midwestern.

Anyway, I'm a smoker and usually stay up later than my wife - sometimes deep into the night. I always step onto our back deck to light up, and for the duration of my cigarette I typically stare off into the fairly dense forest behind our house. Sometimes I'll see a deer or something, but that's usually it. 

Then about a week ago I started noticing something else: a dim light very deep in the woods. It would flicker occasionally like a fire or a candle. Over the next few days I continued to see it and stood on my porch pondering what it could be. Oddly it wouldn't appear before midnight, and often not until around 2 or 3 in the morning. 
I Google Earth-ed my house to see if there were any other houses on the other side of the woods. There weren't; we're basically on the edge of town. 

Other strange things started happening around the same time of night: sudden influxes of traffic (odd for a small suburb at 3AM), car doors slamming, inexplicable noises.

Eventually I decided I would go to investigate, but figured I would go during the day because - let's be honest - I read too much /r/creepy at night and my brain was filled with the horrifying scenarios that could be awaiting me out there. So I go during daylight hours, not even sure what I am looking for. We've recently gotten a good bit of snow in KC, so the first strange thing I find is human footprints. There were only a few at first, but as I followed them they grew in number until the snow was so trampled the dirt was visible. I also saw some sort of fire pit, liquor bottles and a dirty old coat.

I returned to the house and told my wife. In our relationship I'm definitely the more laid back one, and I assumed it was a bunch of high school kids who went off to get drunk in the woods. After all, the occurrences were much more frequent on weekends. But in her Type-A mind, she would have none of it. 

So the next night she stays up with me. Sure enough around 2AM, things start to pick up again and that light appears - even brighter than usual. She calls the cops. 

Two officers arrive. I explain what's been going on and show them the light. They go off through my backyard and into the woods while my wife and I wait on the deck and watch.
The whole time I'm thinking "these poor kids are probably drunk or stoned or both...and *I'm* going to be the guy that breaks up the fun." When did I become *that guy*?

But I didn't have much time to think about my advancing years, oh no. Because suddenly - deep in the woods - two blazing police flashlights light up the woods and our mouths dropped. 
Silhouetted around trees and bushes are the shadows of *at least* 30 very frantic people, darting off in every direction. There is shouting and howling and even raucous laughter as the police give chase. It's about this time we realize some of the shadows are running toward us. Then about half of the group bursts out of the woods and I finally know what we're dealing with:

It's a bunch of naked dudes.

And they ran right through my yard and into the street, some carrying bags and others carrying massive erections. One of them shouted "Hey there!" to us as they ran by, naked as can be, and into the street. My wife is horrified. I on the other hand, have fallen in the snow from laughter.

The next day the police come back and question me. Turns out they only got one of the guys. AND HE SAYS I WAS HOSTING THEM! He doesn't know my name but he pointed to our house as the "meetup point." Turns out my house has been the beacon for several gay orgies over the years. The cops question me some more before they find me innocent or whatever. Then they advise me to clean up my yard. So I go out there and what do I find? Condoms and dildos and strap-ons galore, just dumped out of panic in my yard.

Needless to say the next trash day was an interesting one. 

TL;DR: investigated a small light in my woods, accidentally broke up a massive gay orgy.

EDIT: The cops let me take a picture of their evidence bag: http://imgur.com/zJjQhKb
Notice the single dildo and asshole shaped fleshlight...the cops left the rest of them in my yard.

EDIT 2: Glad I could wake up to see this on the front page! For those KC residents who are curious, I'm in Stilwell, KS, which is near Overland Park.

The million-dollar question seem to be, "why would a gay orgy need strap-ons?" Although I can only speculate, I assume the cold air had led to...performance issues. 

EDIT 3: Gold?! Thank you Reddit stranger!