So this happened when I was 19 near my home town. I was at a house party when I met a girl and we proceeded to go back to her house. Well she was 18 and attending college later that year so she still lived with her parents. So we sneak in, go up stairs to her bedroom for some sexy time. I was there for maybe a couple of minutes when we hear the phone ring and her father come walking down the hall. She freaks out and tells me to get out on the roof (her room was on the second floor and they had an awning type roof covering their porch). I was drunk and was not in the best state of mind to make rash decisions. So I reluctantly go out the window and lay down on the roof.

This is where it gets fucked up. The father comes bursting in the room and tells her that her little sister was in a car accident and that they are leaving for the hospital right now. So she waits for her father to leave opens the window and tells me she will leave it unlocked and that I can leave after they leave. Night is just getting better and better. Well the mother comes in crying and starts helping her pack some things for her sister. She then notices the window is unlocked and locks it on her way out. I guess the girl didn't notice. 

So here I am around 1100 on a Friday night, its about 45 degrees outside and I am only in my boxers and socks. After they left I tried everything I could to open that window, no luck. There was no way I was jumping as it was the second story and they lived on a steep hill. So instead of 20 ft it would have been around 30 and a painful roll down. I had no phone and no other way of signaling anyone for help. Im not sure someone would help a half naked boy on the side of a house anyway.

So after about an hour of me losing feeling in my extremities and full of false hope that the girl would return any minute to open the window. I decided the only logical thing would be to break in. Surprisingly its not that hard to break a sliding window off its tracks and I managed to keep it from completely shattering all onto her floor. I grabbed my belongings and booked it out of there.
The following day I get a call from her apologizing to me about how she left me. Yes thats right, she apologized to me because I had to smash in her window. The sister ended up being fine and her father got the police involved for my little stunt but she is the only one that knows it was me. Never saw her or talked to her again after that.

TL;DR Met a girl, she was rad. Got on the roof to hide from her dad. Broke in and wasn't half bad. Never saw her again and I ain't even sad. 

Edit: Sorry for the paragraphs. As you can tell by most post history I have been mostly a lurker on this site for the past couple of years. Guess I should have posted this on my computer instead of my phone. I'm glad TIFU enjoyed my fuck up.