So this actually happened about nine years ago, but TIFU by trying to chase a girl.

There was a new girl that worked at a store where I was a regular and I had a crush on her from the first day she started. I hit it off with her pretty well and would talk to her when I came in, along with the rest of the employees since we knew each other pretty well (small store). Once a month the employees would get together and go see a movie at the theater next to their work when they all got off. I wanted to be a part of their next outting since the new girl would be joining them as well. One of the employees, Steve, got off work so I started asking him about the outting, telling him that I wish I was a part of the group since they all know me pretty well, and I was also want to work there. I didn't want to flat out say I wanted to tag along for her, so he invited me along. Needless to say I was excited to be able to try to spend some time with her outside of work. We all went to the movies and I ended up sitting next to Steve and my good friend Matt, while the new girl was a few seats down and I never really got to talk to her, while Steve was acting kind of strange, which was slightly disheartnening. 

I went back to the store the next week and Matt tells me "I didn't know you were into dudes."

I gave him a puzzling look and said "I'm not. I'm into the new girl that works here. What makes you think that?"

Matt starts laughing "Did you know that Steve is gay?"

I unwittingly reply "Didn't have a clue." 
But my eyes began to widen as I started to realize the truth. Matt told me that Steve had asked me to the movies thinking it was a date and that my excitement had him thinking that I was of the same mindset, and everyone else thought that I was there on a date with him. Never lived that down

TL;DR Was chasing a girl, and unknowingly was asked out by a gay man, and unwittingly accepted thinking it was a hang out with friends.

Also, I did eventually get the girl ;)

Edit 1: Grammar, and why I didn't mention the girl to Steve

Edit 2: For those of you wondering about the girl, it is a far less interesting story sadly. We ended up together for about a year, and while we split up, we still remained friends for quite some time. I got her mainly through persistence and explaining that I was trying to be there that night for her. She cut off an engagement the day before her wedding, and I'm currently in a long term relationship getting ready to propose (to a girl).