This happened to me maybe 9 years ago, it's one of my best/saddest stories. Also it wasn't a sweet 16 it was a quinseniera, which is the hispanic sweet 16 which happens at 15.

My dad drags me to a party in Queens NY,  that I do not want to go to, it was in a very crowded apartment, with very loud music and drunk hispanic people. 

These parties can be fun in hindsight but I was a broody 19 year old who did not want to waste a Friday night going to a lame Quincinera. For context, this isn't like a sweet 16 full of girls, it's full of older family in a cramped apartment with maybe 2 of the girls friends, and everyone is drunk.

Anyway, my master plan is to simply find a seat at the party, stare into space for 3-4 hours, and then leave. Upon arriving every single seat is full. I am so broody and complainey and just want to sit down. I decide to "improvise". I find a table and just lean my butt on it.

This table was covered by a table-cloth, I assumed it was a wooden table, BAD ASSUMPTION. 

It was a glass table.

The table shatters and I fall to the floor. Not only that, this table has the quinsiniera cake on it, untouched (no one has had a single bite), RUINED on the floor. Everyone turns to look at me in a perfect semi-circle and the music stops just like the movies. I'll remind you that all these people are perfect strangers to me, it was my dad's friends friend's daughter or something.

It is the most awkward moment of my life, I manage to make some kind awkward sorry face, the kind where you show your teeth and kind of frown.

No one says anything, no one knows how to react. Finally a younger guy thinks of the only appropriate thing to say "Are you okay?". I was about to say yes, when I feel a dripping on my leg. I realize I cut myself somehow. So I say, "no, I think I cut my leg".

My dad get's very nervous, because if the cut is deep enough it could be real trouble because of the femoral artery, (it wasn't that bad fyi).

He rushes me to the bathroom and tells me to pull my pants down then and there, and for whatever reason two other guys come with him, who are strangers.

I'm bent over with my bare ass out with my dad and these two men looking at my ass and the cut, they don't close the bathroom door because they are in such a rush and worried, so everyone crowds around the bathroom to look. It's so insane, I couldn't believe what was happening, I felt like it was like a scene from American Pie or something.

I'm something of a hypochondriac so I of course am convinced I'm dying as there is a steady drip of blood coming down my leg, in hindsight it wasn't that bad at all.

A kinda silver lining was that since I was convinced I was dying I requested an ambulance and kept feeling like I was going to faint. This is a silver lining because I got to immediately leave the party with my Dad to get into the ambulance. Which was so much better than having to apologize to everyone at the party and face what I did. I remember the Mom of the quinseniera girl crying about the table as I left the apartment.

Now since the glass pierced my leg near my ass they pulled my pants down exposing my ass in the ambulance, and rolled me into the hospital there, so I'm rolling through a crowded hospital with my ass out in the ER.

Now this was a crowded ER with real wounds like gunshot wounds etc. I waited for HOURS. I can't remember how many because it was so long ago, but I remember it was the morning when I left. I never got treated, i just couldn't wait any longer and just walked out with a limp and went home.

I still feel the injury during certain yoga poses. It was a terrible, awkward, hilarious experience. I feel really bad for that girl that I ruined her party! And that's how TIFU.

TL;DR I sat on a glass table at a quinseniera ruining a girls birthday party and went to the ER for a cut near my ass.

Edit: People are asking if I'm a guy, yes I'm a guy, and do yoga.
Also people keep asking why I didn't write Quinceañera in the title. Mostly because I assumed people wouldn't know what it was.

