Well, I knew this day would come. The day I visit this subreddit with the intention of posting as opposed to browsing. I'm aware of the general opinion that the majority of posts adorning this community are fake, though they make great stories. I'm afraid this one isn't fake. I know... That's just what a dirty, lying bitch would say.

A few weeks/months ago, I had smashed a picture frame hanging on my bedroom wall. I threw a screwdriver at it. I can't quite remember why I threw it, but I remember that I did it. The glass smashed, and fell to the floor along with the frame itself. There were some clothes underneath, clothes which were used to gather the broken glass and subsequently thrown out.

Fast forward to the day before yesterday. "TDBYIFU" doesn't have the same ring to it, so suspend your disbelief regarding the title. I'm sat at the PC, and like any self-respecting member of society, I decided to play with the member of my pants. It was a flippant decision, one I took on board with enthusiasm due to the urge not striking me very often because of my medication.

I'm reaching the vinegar strokes and things are looking good. As good as things can look through the squinted eyes of a man succumbing to his base urges. I suddenly realise that I have nothing to catch my maybe babies. One hand fumbles for something while the other fumbles my ding dong. I feel fabric, and snatch it up. it's an old T-shirt, one I'm happy to discard after the deed is done. It feels great. I catch the result with the precision of a cat snatching a housefly. Now comes clean up time.

Let's not kid ourselves. We know how this ends.

My thoughts turn from post fumbling bliss to pure horror, as I drag shards of broken glass across the tip of my tender doodle. It took me a second to realise what had happened. The fact that things are still super sensitive down there, coupled with the glass being razor sharp means that I don't quite notice until one complete wipe.

Yes, there was blood. Yes, there was mental scarring. It's healing nicely though which is good.

TLDR; I almost gave myself a penectomy.