So this happened like 3 weeks ago.

Me and my girlfriend of 3 years were sitting on her bed whilst she was doing here make-up and i was watching some TV. Usually we have these weird conversations that don't even make sense. We started talking about how everything we know and see could be fake, and that it could all be part of our own imagination. when we stopped talking for a couple of seconds she looked at me and said: ''maybe you aren't real either''. My girlfriend is the type of girl that is easy to persuade when it comes to these things and is interested in supernatural things, so I knew I had to do something evil. At this point im not even looking at her anymore and she continued doing her make-up. I lowered my voice and softly whispered: ''i'm not real''. Loud enough for her to hear but she still didn't look at me. she then said: ''I mean, it could be? Maybe you are just someone i made up in my mind and i'm just talking to myself right now''. Slowly i went to the other side of the bed while she was still talking about the same topic. When i finally got to the other side i hid myself behind the bed, she could not see me if she turned around. She didn't look up for like 30 seconds, but when she did she freaked out. real bad. real fast. she started crying out of nowhere because she really thought for a second that i didn't exist. I tried not to laugh and still hid myself but after 10 seconds of hearing her cry i showed myself.

We didn't talk for 2 days.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Edit: Cyae1 narrated this story, this just made my day [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBODrR-27zI)



Edit: A bit more background: My girlfriend and I scare eachother all the time. the truth is that she has this thing that if she gets scared real bad she starts to cry(first time she did), I just didn't know she would be like this.  The reason she didn't want to talk to me was because i couldn't stop laughing and didn't take her serious. I still bring this up if i need a good laugh, hope you did too.

Edit: We both laugh about it now and she doesn't mind it all. We are both looking through the comments and we cant believe the theories people come up with to give this all a reason. She got scared - She cried - We laughed in the end. 

Also, my native language isn't English, so spelling/grammar won't be on point all the time.


Edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!