So this happened yesterday but I couldn't post it as it was not the weekend. 

I put up my phone for sell on a local classified app because I upgraded and wanted a little cash to justify the cost of my new phone. It was up for a week or so and got a few dead end replies, until yesterday. I got a email from someone who seemed very interested in the phone. They set up a time to come by and take a look and see if the phone worked on the network they had, witch is a good practice when buying a used phone! 

So around 4pm I hear a knock on my front door, I grab the phone and run to the door. I open it to find a girl and her dad (smart move for bringing your dad!) He proceeded to tell me his 15 year old daughter broke her phone and she saved up for months to buy a new one and he was happy I was giving her a good deal!. 

They checked over the phone made sure it worked and cash was handed to me. I closed the door feeling a sign of relief that I had made back a little of my new upgrade and felt it was well justified!. 

Fast forward and hour later I get an email from her dad wanted to give me a call to talk about something. I was worried they had encountered an issue with the phone so I agreed. He gives me a call and says 

Dad "Hey uh...I wanted to let you know I came across some nude photos on the phone you sold me!"

At the moment I remembered I forgot to factory reset the device before I sold it! I thought this was the end, I thought I was going to jail for exposing this 15 year old girl to such filth!

Me "OH NO! IM SO SORRY, I FORGOT TO CLEAN THE PHONE! 
dad " yeah I uh...kinds figured the was the case, I wanted to call you to see if you wanted these pictures back?"
Me "um......no you can just delete them, so your not mad?"
Dad "why would I be? Its not the first time this has happened with something we have bought used. This is why I check through the device before giving it to my daughter. I called you to make sure the pictures weren't important and to remind you to factory rest your phone next time"

I told him how awesome of a parent he was and then slowly laid my head down on my desk and took a deep breath. Holy shit!

TL;DR sold my used phone to a 15 year old girl that had nudes on it, dad turned out to be awesome about it.


Edit: Holy Crap you guys are hilarious! The comments you have been leaving made me spit out various liquids out my mouth through out the day! Also thanks so much for the front page!!! Love the Reddit community &lt;3  