So this happened yesterday, I'm still trying to process it. I was at the library at my campus, and I was putting the finishing touches on a lab report for my Organic Chemistry class. As soon as I get ready to leave, this guy from the same program comes to sit next to me. A little background info...

This guy has made it a point to sit right next to me everywhere, even when I'm clearly trying to isolate myself. He asked me for my number, and texts me afterwards everytime saying it was good to see me, even though we hardly talked. He then goes on to flirt blatantly with me, I'm a male by the way, and I kindly try to steer him away to no avail.

So back to the story, he sees my finished report on the computer screen, and asks if I'd mind looking over his when he finishes. I say sure, because it's just glancing over and assessing something, no biggie. I tell him my email so he can send it to me. I say goodbye, and go to my next class. After class I check my email, and I see 5 messages. All from him. They all have a title talking about the lab report, so I open the first one I see. There's an image attached, which is weird, it should be a pdf. But I say whatever, maybe he just elected to take a picture of it and send it instead of the file. There's no thumbnail on the picture, so going in blind I open it... To see a picture of his genitals. I'm afraid to open the other emails, and I don't think I'm going to be replying to his texts anymore.



Edit: Update! 
Thanks to you guys I sent him an email, and waited to get a response before updating. Even though what he did is clearly too far, I wanted to give him a chance before potentially devastating him with a report of the incident. 

So I emailed him saying that what he did is clearly harassment, and that I am not interested in his advances. I said I don't wish to cause him harm, but if he continues with his advances I'm afraid I will have to report him for harassment. Yes, I know, it's appropriate to report him right away. If he stops after this though, I don't need to ruin his life over it. 

So I get a reply back pretty quickly. It was readily apparent he didn't think of the consequences of sending such a thing (literally) over a school email of all things, and he began to apologize profusely. He apologized for not coming to terms and respecting the fact that I am not interested, and claims he will leave me alone from now on, realizing I will report him otherwise. Hopefully this is resolved. If not, I'll update! 

Edit: Tl;dr I emailed him saying I am not interested and to stop his advances, or I will go through with reporting the incident. He replied understanding the implications, apologizing, and claiming to stop all advances. 