I'm a daily train commuter and ride in/out of the city with the missus 90% of the time. Today she worked from home and the empty seat next to me was eventually taken by a stranger; a dude who happened to be one of those suit-wearing leg-spreaders who thinks its ok to be slightly-but-constantly touching/grazing his neighbor in order to accommodate his gape (and while I’m completely within the confines of my own seat’s space). Some people can tolerate and block out that kind of annoyance but I'm not one of them, though I'm also not so assertive that I'd want to inject a "stop touching me" debate into a full-yet-nearly-silent train car. So I'm sitting there, trying to nod off and not think about it, but it's pretty much impossible. I put on some relaxing music -- didn't help. I'm starting to seethe, internally, and even though it's not like the guy was Cosby'ing me, the fact that his touching kept me from fading into a nap was driving me further and further into madness.  
  
Suddenly it occurred to me that on an almost-daily basis I'm rubbing up against the person sitting next to me, and so I just needed to think to myself that this person is simply my wife and to not focus on who it really is. "It's Kathy. It's Kathy. It's Kathy", I kept telling myself, and it actually started to work. I was finally starting to doze off, feeling that lovely, almost-meditative blankness begin to wash over me, perhaps aided in part by Mr. Miles Davis. I then suddenly awoke to the most aggressive shoulder shrug and opened my eyes to find suit dude looking at me with scornful disgust, and I immediately realized what had happened: Once the self-imposed “It’s Kathy” brainwashing reached the point of optimal coalescence with the process of falling asleep, autopilot kicked in and I took a deep, contented sigh-like breath and nuzzled my head into the man’s shoulder, not unlike the way a needy dog rubs its head against your hand, in seek of loving pats.  
  
‘Sorry’ was said and faces were red, and so began my day.  
  
TL;DR - Was dealing with leg-to-leg touching from a dude sitting next to me on the train this morning. Kept telling myself it was 'just my wife' as I tried to not think about it and nod off. Wound up falling asleep and lovingly leaning into his shoulder.


