I picked up my 4 year old daughter at daycare yesterday. They have some playground equipment outside the building where the kids play. Almost every time I pick my daughter up, she runs to get a few more slides and climbs in before we drive home. 

I decided to kill a few minutes and check my facebook out while her and some boy were playing by some fake wooden train. This guy I barely know on facebook, had a video titled "how to embarass someone in 6 seconds". The main picture of the video was some guy looking at a boot on his car. Looked like it might be funny, so I clicked it.......

BAM! Its a damn trick video that was playing the sounds of some woman moaning during sex. Worse: My phone is on full blast.  The phone is so loud , the kids stop in a frantic and give me this "WTF is going on" look.

I quickly try to stop the video but I guess the shock of it all stunned me.. Took me a full 5 seconds to stop it.  Not sure who all heard it, but I got out of there pretty fast.....

Hope they dont call the cops and get me on some list....

TL;DR Some dude had a gag video on facebook. I played it at my daughters kindie.

EDIT : 1) I'm living in a foreign country. School years/ages/subjects don't line up well. Its basically like a kindergarten.. but its  daycare..... sorry for the confusion 2)Also, I went back today.. No one said anything.. So I guess its all good.. 3) I had my volume all the way up because I use my Iphone/youtube as a radio.. 4) No I didn't deserve that crap. Its my daughters school. It has to be one of the worst places it could have happened....

EDIT : 2) Thanks for the reddit gold! Also, I guess 2 days later.. I feel a bit better about the whole situation.. It looks like this really wasn't a unique experience and lots of people have experienced this. 2) I know my grammar is horrible, MY BAD DOGS. 3) "I live in a foreign country" --- I'm an American living abroad... is it really that weird to say that? I dunno. Anyway, thanks for listening guys..  This thread has run its course.

