So I am inspired by someone else's TIFU about giving a homeless man money. I too have a story from a couple years back where I FU'd.

I was in college and it was my junior year. I owned this really cool car that I had purchased in cash but in order to get the cash, I borrowed part of the money from family friends. Every month I would pay back some of the loaned money (about 200/mo) and, per the rules of the contract, I would bring that money in cash and visit with them.

So one afternoon when I didn't have class, I went to go run some errands and pay off these fine folks. I needed gas so I went to a gas station to fill up. I saw a beggar next to the entrance of the convenience store and I thought it would be good to get him something to eat and drink. So while my car is filling up, I go inside and purchase a coke and sandwich. When I exit the convenience store to bring the food to the guy, he's gone. I looked around but he had left. A little disappointed, I get in my car and toss the grocery bag into the passenger seat. I figured I could give it to someone else.

I had some extra money from working and figured I would give these family friends two car payments. So I withdrew $500 which was enough for two car payments and some extra cash for...stuff that has to be paid for in cash. That cash was given to me by the bank in a white envelope. I tossed the envelope into the passenger seat next to me.

So I pull up to an intersection and perfect! another homeless beggar. So I honk my horn and he comes over to my car. My light turns green so I tell him God Bless and hand him the lunch and go on my way. I glance over at the passenger seat and realizes the money is gone and perfectly timed! I look into my side view mirror to see the guy pulling the envelope out of the grocery bag. I had tossed the envelope into the lunch bag.

So I quickly U-turn and park my car across from the intersection and run over to him. He's already counting the money, sees me, and starts running. So here I am chasing a homeless man for money and yelling at him. I feel terrible but I've got to have that money so I chase him for a couple blocks and finally tackle him in the median of another intersection. So people are getting out of their cars and shit and trying to see what is going on and I'm on top of this old man saying, "Give me my money! I didn't mean to give it to you!" and he starts crying.

So then all these people start pulling me off of him and the homeless guy is saying I gave him money and then changed my mind. I look like a total dick but I try explaining my situation and this woman is calling the police but I see my envelope in the guy's hand and so I quickly grabbed it. Some guy tried to grab hold of me but I kind of sort of hit him and ran. I ran like hell back to my car and took off but it just looked like I had just assaulted people.

I ended up driving around for an hour to get my wits and go to pay off my car. I never heard from the police. 