Firstly I have never been in a relationship so a mate told me to start using tinder. I'm not a model, I'm just an average college guy looking for some girls to hang with so when I got matched with a few really pretty girls I was very happy.

So this all started around 2 months ago I started talking to a girl let's call her Ella, she was very pretty and we had a lot in common we went out 6 times we had fun and nothing was official. A month a go I got matched with another very pretty girl but at this point I was really starting to like ella but this girl let's call her Emily sent me two messages so being the nice guy I was I sent her a message back after a couple weeks of talking to Emily she wanted to get some drinks I thought what the hell I don't think Ella is really that into me anyway. Little did I know that I received a text from ella in the middle of the date I had with Emily asking if I was interested in becoming a little more serious (I was and she was one of the nicest and most interesting girls I had ever talked to). 


So at this point I had two girls that where in to me, being a 20 year old nerdy virgin that sits on reddit all day I was stoked. After a few drinks Emily asked if I wanted to go back to her place, shit I panicked I wasn't expecting this I had no Condoms and was freaking the fuck out I said let's get one more round during this I rushed to the bathroom hoping they had those baby prevention machines that spit out condoms for a buck. Yes, they did I bought 5 I was that excited and who knows I might break one or something.


So I finish my drink and we start walking back to her place, a little bit tipsy I start talking dirty but luckily she's totally into it. We start walking up the stairs to her place and before she opens the door she says "shhh *giggles* my room mates a huge nerd and is probably in bed". So we get inside I try to take my shoes off and just my fucking luck my fat ass hits the small fish bowl next to the front door... Who the fuck puts a glass fish bowl next to the front door. Smash! Water every where she starts freaking out and I try to pick up the glass. But we both just start laughing.


Then I hear my Name "Mick, what are you doing here" totally confused half drunk and thinking that Emily was just playing with me I rambled "to fuck you obviously" I look up and turns out Emily and Ella are room mates and poor old Mick is still a virgin.


TL;DR: Virgin, started using tinder. Had two girls that turned out to be room mates. Still a Virgin. 
