Ok, this happened years ago. If this is against the rules, I apologize. But I saw the post about the restaurant employee who told about telling off a rude customer and figured i'd share my tale.

Let me start out by saying I have manic depression and anxiety. Not self diagnosed, actual doctor diagnosed.  And for those who are fortunate enough to have neither, don't pretend you do. No sane person would want this.

During my collage years, I worked full time at McDonalds. A fate worse than death for me. I'm real nervous and tense all the time. I'd describe it was always having a feeling something awful is about to happen but it never does.

I would have starved to death if it wasn't for left over McDonalds which still makes me sick thinking of the smell. For the most part, I stayed in back. But there were times when I was in the front lines. I'm not suppose to work at Restaurants. It's on file on my therapist that I can't do work relating to social interaction. But files don't pay for college nor feed me.

There was this bitch who came in 2-3 times a month. Maybe more. She would always complain about her food. You could just cook her food and bring it to her. She'd bring it back half eaten and claim it was cold. Management always gave her free food just to get rid of her. That only encouraged her antics.

Well, I graduated college and was set to move back home. I was gonna put my two weeks notice in a few days later when it happened.

Someone didn't show up and I was stuck on the front lines. For the most part, people were decent. They wouldn't mind me looking at the counter or my stutter(which goes away when im pissed, which comes into play). 

4:30. Here she comes with two kids. My heart drops seeing her. I heard co-workers complain about her but this was my first and last time dealing with her. "Maybe she's not as bad as they say" I think. First fucking thing "Hey! Look me in the eyes when I talk to you". Sorry I can't help it.

She orders a ton of food. It was the worst experience. I have a habit of asking to confirm. "4 medium orders of fries mam?" "That's exactly what I said. Can you hear?". I prayed for a co-worker who knew me to help but it never happened.

I got it over with. She went to her table. She came and got her food. Sure enough, 20 minutes later, here she was. "Um, my fries and my kid's fries were cold. Can I get some actual fresh ones?". Of course, that didn't stop them from eating it all. 

But i comply. I tell one of my co-workers I am going to snap. He gives me a look of compassion. I watched them come out of the grease. I give them to her. She says something rude like "about time" and leaves.

Then she comes back in. "Hey! These fries are cold too? I think I said I wanted warm and fresh fries". I try to tell her that I saw them cooked myself but I was stuttering. Then she crossed the line. "uh, uh,uh,uh. Stop stuttering. No wonder you can't get my fucking food made right". That pissed me off. 

I snap. My co-worked heard this and fixed her 4 orders of fries again. That's 12 orders of fries they made for her and her kids. I grab the tray and sit it down. She's aruging with her kids. Without looking at the counter. She asks "Are they done? I'm in a hurry!". 

Instincts kick in and I grab two of the boxs of fries(back then, only the large came in the red boxes). She turned to me and I threw them at her. One box hit her right between the eyes. "Here's your fucking fries, you fat bitch!" I yell and immediately storm out of the restaurant, drowning out everything said to me.

I never went back. I never returned the uniform. I never got my last paycheck. I was panicked for a bit that I could be taken to court as that could be seen as assault. But nothing came.

But to be honest, doing that was worth more than anything that job had. The only regret I had was that I didn't throw all 4 orders of fries at her.

TL;DR Me, A manic depressive with anxiety gets picked on by a woman at McDonalds. Gets mad, throws box of fries at her and leaves.