So for the past few years, because of my job, I've maintained a beard and long hair so as to kind of not have people immediately peg me for a soldier/cop. Well, I took a promotion recently, and it had been suggested that I lose the beard and start looking like someone important. 

Well, today, before I left for work, I called the girl at the barbershop I usually go to to see if she could do me a solid. I asked if there was any way she could meet me at the shop to cut my hair and beard. Seeing as we have a pretty long, solid relationship, she agreed. I got to the shop, and she had a glass of my preferred bourbon waiting for me, and we went back for my cut and shave. We talked, and she asked if my better half had asked me to do this, and I told her I hadn't talked to her about it yet. We'll get back to that in a second. She cleaned up, I paid her and gave her a 100% tip, as my way of saying "thanks for coming in on short notice on a Sunday, when I know you'd rather be home with your husband," and then I was on my way.

When I got home, I jumped in the shower, and threw on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Apparently, however, while I was upstairs in the shower, my better half had gotten home (I wasn't expecting her back from her most recent leg of flights until Wednesday). When I came downstairs, my dog Diesel was laying across her lap on the couch, with her back to me. I leaned over the back of the couch and kissed her neck. Normally, this wouldn't be a big deal, but with the lack of beard hair, she wasn't used to feeling my actual face.

I'm sure y'all can guess what happened next, more or less. If not, I'll sum it up. She screamed, tried to jump up, which prompted Diesel (all 120 pounds of him) to go into defense mode because now mommy is upset. Being the good boy he is, and knowing full well I'm the alpha in the house, he became confused, and stood there as she was trying to get off the couch. She tripped over him, fell on her back in the middle of the living room, as I was moving around the couch to try and calm her down.

"Babe! It's me! It's ok! It's OOOOMF!!!!"

It was at that point that I regretted taking her to my MMA gym. I took a snap kick right in my bean bag. I went down like a cheap hooker in Vegas, and it was only when Diesel didn't lunge to rip out my throat that she realized the junk she just assaulted belonged to her boyfriend. Now instead of showing genuine concern, she started laughing hysterically, saying how I look so young, and calling me babyface as I limped to the kitchen to grab an icepack for my balls.


TL;DR - I didn't warn my girlfriend that I was shaving my beard and cutting my hair, and she didn't recognize me since she'd only known me with long hair and a beard. As a result, I got kicked right in the mommy daddy button.

Super TL;DR - Took away the tickle, so I took a kickle right in the pickle.