In order for this story to make sense, you must know that I am a slightly awkward caucasian male, and my girlfriend is african american.

My girlfriend and I are starting to get pretty serious, so she invited me to meet her parents and stay at their family home for part of the holidays. I was a bit nervous and reluctant at first, but ultimately accepted the invitation. What she failed to mention was that not only would her parents be there, but also her uncles, cousins, and grandparents. In all, there were about 15 people or so.

I arrived and immediately felt a bit out of place. However I managed to feign confidence and charisma and everything went smoothly for the first few hours. Things then seemed to take an step in the right direction when I was invited to partake in the annual tradition the men of the family had of playing a game of poker.

We decided to play for some money in order to keep things interesting. But instead of putting in actual cash, we gave each color chip a designated dollar value. After the chips had been passed out and the first hand was dealt, the first round of bidding occurred.

My girlfriend's father bid 2 black chips ($1 total) and in my turn I raised one white chip ($2.50 total). My girlfriend, who was looking on, asked the group, "how much is a black one worth versus a white?"

Without thinking, I responded with, "history would say three-fifths".

The ensuing seconds were the longest of my life. I could feel my face turning bright red as I realized what I had just said. I looked to my girlfriend, who had turned away, struggling to contain her laughter at my situation.

The silence was finally broken when I then heard a raspy chuckle to my right. It was grandpa Willy, who hadn't said a word to me all day. He quickly escalated to a Stanley Hudson-esk laugh (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOvz8P3OZ0s) and soon enough, everyone at the table started laughing along as I sat there uncomfortably faking a smile and wishing I hadn't opened my stupid mouth.

tl;dr Thank god for grandpa willy