This is an unusual kind of fuckup.

For the last decade or so, I have been trying all the great Chinese restaurants I can locate, in an attempt to find a place that is as awesome as the one I fell in love with 25 years ago in college.  

Over these years I've been going to every different kind of Chinese restaurant I could find, trying to find something as delicious as what made me fall in love in the first place.  I kept track of the different types of sauces, tried to learn how to cook it myself from recipes, and even recently took a Chinese food cooking lesson.

Every time a fancy new Chinese restaurant opened I would be there to taste the food, going from restaurant to restaurant like Prince Charming went door to door looking for a certain foot.

Today, as I was driving down the new street I saw a really crappy looking Chinese place.  One of those in the bad part of town that also sells french fries, is all white, and is really just a takeout place. (Even though there are technically two tables in the place one is covered in magazines and the other has three kids under age 6 coloring because they are stuck there.)
 
When I saw this place I said to myself, I said "Fuck it, I'm never going to find anything great like they used to make it back in 'my day' and I'm hungry and lazy so I'll just get some of this shitty Chinese and be done with it."

When I got home and bit into the first dumpling, my dick got a little hard because of 25 years of searching I'd finally found the perfect Chinese food I had been searching for.  

The sauce was just perfect even though it looked so simple . . . hey wait a minute . . . the Chinese place I fell in love with in college must have been a cheap Chinese place that only college students went to.  Thinking back now, it was in a strip mall next to a laundromat.

What happened is that over the years, as my income grew, I slowly went to nicer and nicer Chinese restaurants just by default - whatever I could afford -- and I eventually got used to the fancy ones that grown-ups with spouses and mortgages go to.  

In other words, the reason I couldn't find what I wanted all these years is that I thought I was searching for the best Chinese food when what I really wanted was that same cheap strip-mall Chinese that I fell in love with so many years ago and was dirt poor.  

**TL;DR    "Current me" overestimated "past me" and I spent ten years trying to find something fancier and more expensive than I ever wanted or needed.**

***UPDATES AFTER THIS HIT THE FRONT PAGE: 
(1) I never heard of the movie Old Boy but will rent it now; (2) There's apparently an episode of HIMYM about a burger that is similar -- I haven't seen that either; (3) Tons of you agree that hole in the wall places are often the best - including a bunch of you in China right now (!!); (4) Many of you think I am probably am in love with MSG.  I am going to order some now from [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Ajinomoto-Monosodium-Glutamate-Umami-Seasoning/dp/B00IH28XDE)  and start experimenting with it; (5) Yes the journey was pretty fun but I am glad to have closure now and also to move on to a different obsession, TBD. ***
