 So I'm a 17 year old male, and I decided to visit a couple of colleges for my spring break. My grandparents both are really supportive of me, and they asked if they could take me. I don't get to spend much time with them, as they live out of town, so I figured it would be a good idea. I brought my stuff over Friday, and have just been chilling and playing Xbox all weekend. They have a fairly nice computer, and I had been wanting to see some gameplay of the new Battlefield, so  I hopped on the computer while they were in the den this morning . I launched chrome and began to type in the URL bar (Which neither of my grandparents know how to use, they just search things on Google) when some pornhub links popped up as suggested web addresses. Not expecting pornhub to come up, I was shocked at first. I ran the past couple of days through my head, making sure I hadn't been the careless person to not clear their history after letting loose some knuckle children. After confirming in my mind that it wasn't me, I decided to be a bro and clear my gramp's history for him. Wouldn't want my grandma finding it, that's for sure. So I clicked on history, and quickly found the source of the problem. I figured since I was already there, I might as well glance through it all to see what my grandpa was into. Needless to say, he was into some kinky shit. And I mean, wayyyyyy out there, even for me. Not wanting to scar my mind anymore than I already had, I just went ahead cleared everything and went about my business. Flash forward to about 15 minutes ago, and my grandma calls me into the room they keep their computer in. She was trying to log onto Facebook, and asked me why she wasn't logged in like she normally was. I, completely not thinking about the reasoning behind my actions, told her that it was probably because of me clearing the history. As soon as the words left my mouth, I wished I could have reached out and grabbed them back, fearful of the shitstorm I might have just started with my grandmother. She, as quick as a cobra striking it's prey, asked why in the world I would need to clear the history. At this point, I panicked, not wanting my grandfather's secret to be found out. I told her, very unconvincingly, that it was bogging down their computer. For Whatever reason, up to this point I never thought of the possibility of this being perceived as me covering my own ass. Sure as shit, she decided to put this on me, and tried to call me out looking at those "dirty, dirty videos" and gave me a speech about how "God was watching" and that "Pornography is a one-way ticket to hell ". This all went in one ear and out the other, but it was still super awkward to hear from my 81 year old grandmother. After her talk, I left the room and ran into my grandpa in the kitchen. He simply looked me in the eye and nodded, having overheard the whole thing. I reciprocated said nod, and went about my buisness, now living with the fact that my grandpa is a porn fiend and my grandma thinks I'm one.

TL;DR - Took the blame for my grandpa's porn habit  by my grandma 

Edit - To all of you asking what the search history was, I'll just say fecal matter was involved.

Edit #2- Obligatory Thanks for the gold! Now to figure out what to do with it.