TL:DR I was scammed into drive to a car dealership 40 miles away.

This happened about three hours ago. I am still very ashamed of myself. 

I got what looked like a scratch off game card in my mailbox that was from a car dealership a couple towns over. It looked like a standard promotion/junk mail and I would normally throw this stuff away but this card had differing amounts that could be won simply by scratching off the various boxes on the card. Well wouldn't you know it, I had a combination of symbols that, on the key on the right side of the card, said I had won $5,000. I then read the fine print on the back of the card and it seemed legit. No red flags to speak of.  

I am normally EXTREMELY skeptical on these types of things. You can't just win free money, right? So I called the number of the dealership and was transferred to a man who acted very excited that I had won this promotion. I asked him point blank, "Is there anything else that I need to know? Did I really just win $5,000 on a free mailer that everyone gets?" He said all I have to do is come down to the dealership and match the code on the back of the card. If it matches and I can prove that I live at the address on the mailer, he would cut me a check for the amount that I won. Keep in mind he didn't say "$5,000" he said "Amount that I won". 

I'll be honest, and I was still skeptical, but I could really use that kind of money right now (I mean who couldn't right?). I basically laid it on the line and said, "Listen your dealership is at least 45 minutes away. I am not buying a car today. This isn't like cash back on a new car or anything is it? Please tell me this is for real. I cant afford to drive that far both ways if this isn't what you are telling me it is." Without hesitating, the man on the phone said "This is for real. If we verify it and you really did win, we will cut you a check today."     

So, I hopped in my car and drove the 45 minutes to the dealership. When I walked in I saw a few people holding the same mailer. I was suspicious but at the same time there were several levels of money, all the way down to like $25, that could be won according to the game card so I figured these people had some amount of money as well. I walked up to the sales counter and told them who I was. I said, "Hey I'm the guy that called about an hour ago. I won $5,000 on your mailer game". The three guys at the counter cheered and congratulated me. One of them ushered me into an office and asked me for my ID and proof that I lived at the address listed. Once I gave him that he asked me for the game card. He then gave me a form to fill out to claim my winnings.  He punched in the code into his computer and said, "Alright man, lets find out if you won." "What do you mean, if I won?" I said back. "One of you told me on the phone that I already had won." I began to shake because I knew I had been tricked, no, straight lied to earlier. This man looks me in the face and says "You did win. You won a spot in our contest to see if you won $5,000." I was speechless. He said "Don't you want to find out if you won the money?" I realized then that I had been scammed into driving to this dealership. I said nothing. I looked this man in the eyes for at least thirty straight seconds in dead silence. I was so angry I could barely get words out. I am normally a very calm, easy going person and I hate confrontation, but I was so ashamed that I fell for this. I finally said, "You mother fuckers lied to me. You lied and told me I had won this money. I just drove all the way from (my town) to (this town) because one of you assured me this wasn't a scam to get me here. I asked you if there was anything else I needed to know, if this was for real, and you said it was."

He responded by saying it wasn't him, that it must have been one of the other employees. He then told me that my drive "Wasn't really that far". I lowered my head, got back into my car, and drove home. 

And that is how I fucked up today. I really hope that the son-of-a-bitch that put this together wins a bunch of money in the lotto and then dies of a heart attack before he can collect his winnings. Thanks for reading.

EDIT: I did take a picture of this to send to my wife before I left. I will try to post it if It can.

http://imgur.com/cfeT1DE Here is the game card and the amounts you can "Win".