Yesterday was my parents 30 year wedding anniversary and some of their friends were having a party to celebrate them. My mom was floating in the pool with a cookie in her hand and she looked so pretty, I just had to take a picture. 

Right as I snap the pic, she puts the cookie in her mouth and I end up with the derpiest photo you've ever seen. I'm dying laughing, showing the picture to her friends and she yells from the pool that she wants to see it. I'm drunk so I hand her the phone,  she's drunk so she fumbles it and it goes right to the bottom of the pool. It's in the water for a good 7-8 seconds before we fish it out.  I'm upset but somehow laughing and my mom says it's karma for the bad picture. 

It's an iphone5 with no case on it and somehow, miraculously, I dry it off and it's working just fine! In a state of sobriety, I might have thought to look for advice online, but instead, I just go on using as normal. 

So here's the (bigger) fuck up. Earlier in the day, I had taken a sexy picture for my boyfriend. Instead of sending it all at once, I decided to crop it and send increasingly larger crops throughout the day until the whole thing was revealed. The most recent is a rectangle which contains nothing but my boobs, nipples covered by only a thin piece of black fabric. 

After dropping my phone in the pool, a male coworker who I am decent friends with texts me a link to something on reddit.  I open it and try to respond to him. Now, having been out of the water for țen minutes or so, my phone starts getting locked up and acting all kinds of sketchy.  I'm trying to answer the text, pressing everything on the screen but nothing is really responding. 

I manage to type out a sentence and send. All of a sudden, my phone starts freaking out and executing random commands. Close text messaging, open Vine, close Vine, open another random app. It's totally got a life of its own. If you've ever had a water logged iphone, you might recognize this behavior. I manage to get the text messaging app back on the screen, but in its erratic behavior, my phone opens the camera roll and inserts a picture. The one in the middle of the screen. The one of my boobs. I'm desperately trying to backspace and close, but my broken phone takes this to mean "send" and all I can do is watch in slow motion horror as I get the confirmation that my boobs have successfully been delivered to my coworker. Mortified, I try to explain, but of course I can't type anything. I finally manage "please ignore!" His response "hahaha this is awesome!" I'm not looking forward to work tomorrow. I have a feeling I won't live this down for a while. And of course, my phone doesn't work at all today. 

TL; DR - dropped phone in pool. Water logged phone freaked out and inserted pic of my boobs into text conversation with coworker.

Update: whoa. Never underestimate reddit's love of boobs. I didn't expect this to be so popular. To clarify, I did  send  a sentence explaining the pool mishap to my coworker, but I haven't talked to him since. I do know his username, to all of you claiming to be him. I do not have any photos as they are on my broken phone. I did not add the NSFW tag, it was automatic, but I think the "bodily discharge" is pretty funny. No I am not cheating on my boyfriend. Just period. Also, thanks for the hilarious comments and tips...silver lining I guess. 