This is without a doubt the dumbest thing I have ever done and the most ridiculous thing that has ever happened to me, so I hope you enjoy, because I certainly didn't...

I'd been mired in a bit of dry spell and I decided that I was going to make something happen for myself. I plugged my nose and actually hit up craigslist (I know) and all manner of other places just looking for something to get me out of this rut.

I actually end up making a connection with this pretty cute girl, we chatted for a bit to make sure we're both not creepy/psycho/serial killers and she agrees to come over to my apartment and we're going to perform oral on each other. 

It'll be fun. No strings attached.

She comes over and I do my thing first. She's very grateful and now it's my turn to get serviced. 

I'm sitting up on my bed and she's sitting next to me. I have a full on diamond cutter and I'm ready to go. She starts using her hand and spitting on me for lubrication (hot). I took my time with her, was slow and thorough and did and excellent job. It's apparent she's going to return the favor. Great.

She then says I have a nice body (thanks) and says that I must take care of myself (I do) and then asks if I'm a vegan (a little weird). I say that I'm not a vegan, but I try to eat a clean and balanced diet. She then says that she's a vegan and literally starts talking about how great it is and that I should become one because it's healthier (now this shit is getting officially weird).

I start thinking that maybe we've got a hostage situation on our hands and this is this girl's thing. She takes her pleasure, gets you by the shaft and then starts trying to convert you to veganism while she has you trapped in the most compromising of circumstances.

Keep in mind, while she keeps talking, she's still giving me a handjob and occasionally spitting/letting saliva drip down onto my member. 

It was like I was trapped in some Kubrick fever dream.

So then things take a turn for the worse and she starts saying some ridiculously and truly stupid shit about how we'd all live to be 100 if everyone would stop eating meat and meat is far worse for you than smoking, and humans didn't really evolve to eat meat, and other nonsense. 

The entire time I'm just trying to relax, zone out and ignore it, or wondering if I should make some witty joke about my "meat" or something.

Then she finally goes down on me.

Now, any normal human being would just be like, "Ah, finally." Any normal human being would just shut up and enjoy the magnificent bit of artistry being performed upon them.

Not me.

The stupid shit that she said starts floating through my head and it gnaws at me. I know I shouldn't say anything, but I can't help myself, so I open up my big stupid yap and say I don't think some of the things she says were factually accurate.

We then proceed to have at least a 15-20 minute debate about the ethics of eating meat, whether or not humans are designed to eat meat, veganism's effects on athlete performance, as well as an assortment of other related topics. 

The entire time, we were both still naked, I was still erect, and she still had me gripped firmly in her hand. 

It was a level of absurdity I hope to never come close to again. I wish I had it on film so I could sell it as the crowning achievement in a video series titled, "How not to get laid."

Finally, we agreed to disagree seeing as neither of us were going to budge from our positions, and she commented that it was getting late, got dressed, and left.

I jerked off alone in the dark.

**TL;DR - Tried to get blown, ended up arguing about veganism mid-blowjob. Ended up not getting blown. Jerked off alone in the dark.** 