So basically A long time ago I lost my glasses. I never bothered to get them replaced and I just lived with the fact that EVERYTHING was marginally out of focus. It turns out that's not such a good thing if you want to process information well. Because I couldn't see I felt stupid. My brain was no longer working to process all of this visual information. Or it could mean my brain was taxing itself way to hard. Anyway I just received my new eye glasses and absolutely everything is in stunning clarity. As soon as I put them on I could feel my brain snap back into attention. This story isn't meant to be funny. Seriously if you cant see go to an optometrist you could be sabotaging your brain. 

Edit 1: So last night as I was walking home I saw the stars for the first time CLEARLY and it was amazing. My friend pulled up and gave me a ride back to my house as we were coming over the hill I was amazed at the 
literal cascade of city lights before me. It was so beautiful. 

Edit 2: in the last 24 hrs ive discovered that vision not only affects the obvious but also sound and generally cognition. We gather so much visually from our environment. I think being in that space between seeing and not seeing is worse than being blind because the brain cannot make sense out of the blurry shapes. Its in a state of flux whereas being completely blind fully allows it to adapt to the lack of visual input. I literally feel like I have super vision now. How come people who need perfect vision for a living like a pilot or an archer dont just get glasses? Is perfect vision truly perfect with out glasses or contacts? Are we even meant to see with such clarity or is the fact that so many people have eye problems an indication of something much bigger happening in humanity?

Edit 3: I used to be a photographer but I stopped right around the time I lost my glasses. I hope that now with my new found sight I can appreciate my gift again. Sight involves so many things beyond seeing, dont let not seeing take away your gifts or abilities.