So the fuck up really started a few days ago but finally came to a head (foreshadowing) within the last 16 hours.

So I work for a retail company. I used to work in the stores but I got a promotion last year in April(YAY!) to work in the Corporate office for the East Coast. I have been having a lot of fun at my job, but I was used to being on my feet for my entire work day and now I sit at a desk all day long. Not complaining, just very different from what I am used to.

Anyways this has all been well and fine until The Division came out, now when I leave work from sitting on my ass all day, I sit on a train for an hour, sit in my car for another 30 minutes driving home, and sit on my couch and play Division on my PS4. Normally wouldn't be a big deal, but on my weekend I started to notice a little pain/swelling in my crack. Seemed fine, so I went to bed thinking it would go down while I was sleeping. WRONG. I woke up in a ton of pain/discomfort. I wanted to call out of work so badly, but literally every CEO/President of the company from all the Head Offices is coming out to my office to work on all their Holiday Plans/Tastings, and I really need to be there to support everyone.

I work through the day barely being able to sit, and even walking is really tough. I google it during my day and it looks like Pilonidil cyst(basically an infected hair under the skin that inflames and is extremely painful and usually happens in the gluteal cleft, sometimes caused by excessive sitting). I leave work and take the train to my car(the worst ride on the train ever) and go to the nearest Urgent Care.

I get in and they take me in right away and send the doctor in after taking my vitals. It's either going to be Jennifer or Rebecca. I'm a single dude, so having a nice lady looking at my inflamed buttcrack/hole today was not tops on my list. While I am sitting there waiting for the inevitable pain, I can hear her talking in the next room, sounds kind of younger. When she comes in, I am floored, she is beautiful. Also this is her last week working here and I am her last patient of the day. I am the asshole that walks into a restaurant 5 minutes before they close and orders a steak, except she gets to lance an inflamed cyst an inch from my b-hole.

Anyways she's a total professional the entire way and takes excellent care of me while I swear and curse and laugh through the pain. She has an assistant with her (also a lady) who is kind of like that awesome, tough, loving, get-shit-done kind of mom. Both are really awesome and do a great job and after the blinding pain I am already starting to feel better. The only saving grace I had was when I said, "Usually I would be really happy to have cute ladies checking out my ass." They had a good laugh at that.

They finish and use some surgical glue to close my butt cleft incision and prescribe me some antibiotics. I feel much better today and sitting doesn't make me want to cry. Maybe I should send them a fruit basket/wine/6-pack to say thanks.

TL;DR Sat on my ass for days on end working and playing Division, got an infected cyst, that I had lanced by a beautiful young woman.

EDIT: Thank you all for your support/naysaying, I am surprised how common this seems to be! Good to know I am in good company and get a little karma from the deal, you all rock! Trying to respond to as many comments as I can, and I looked and it was #36 on front page 2!!! WE DID IT REDDIT!

EDIT 2: TIFU again, people I work/ed with are starting to call and congratulate me.