Today, I was riding around in a wheelchair that happened to be at my fraternity house and rolled into the parking lot as another kid in a wheel chair rolled by. He stopped and talked with me a little bit, legitimately great guy and invited me to some sort of wheelchair basketball league. I didn't know how to tell him that I am not actually crippled so now I am signed up for practice in a few hours. 
Edit: Apparently, my school has won the most national wheelchair championships in the nation and is a big deal. Considering going to practice and trying to start. Can I dunk still?
Edit #2: Okay, I did some research and they have really expensive custom wheelchairs specifically for basketball and I have a generic hospital one. I roll in there they know i'm a fake. Practice is in two hours. Thank God I always miss leg day. 

Final Edit: Okay. I went to practice. I fucked up. I never implied I was crippled but when I rolled in with my wheel chair it was sort of implied. It went down hill immediately when they asked me to switch to another chair I could borrow. I brought it to the hallway( told them I needed to grab my inhaler from my bag, and I actually have asthma so fuck you)  and did the best paraplegic transition between wheelchairs I could manage. Why did I even go to begin with? One being sweet sweet karma and the other would be I wanted to try it out. anyways, it was going decent, except it was completely obvious I never maneuvered in a sports wheel chair let alone played basketball before.  It was embarrassing as fuck, and at one point the ball landed on my nuts and I audibly cursed. It was all going decent, it was a very informal thing kind of like a pick up game but organized by some group. Long story short it just kept going worse and worse for me until I tipped over but held myself up like a tri-pod and realized i've never gotten up from this before without my legs. A few people started watching me and were going to help a crippled kid up ( me). I decided then and there I couldn't do this any longer and just stood up and actually did a sort of limp to my chair and went to the hallway. Fuck you reddit for encouraging my bad decisions. 