My mother always has these fanciful bottle of shampoo she uses. There was one that caught my eye with those floral designs and hipster font based texts.

So last night I came home, feeling really awesome with myself, I was looking around for this floral shampoo of her's. And it just wasn't there. And I realised mid crotch washing, the shampoo was under the sink(yes I bend over to wash what's down under) and in my head was "oh, so this shampoo is so fabulous that you would hide it from son huh. I am so gonna squeeze the shit out of you"

It's texture was really really viscous. But it had a baby blue colour which I couldn't remember, I had a vague memory that it was a clear brown colour, I shook it off as a different scent of formula. Especially since this bottle is new and filled to the brim.

10 mins after trying to wash the shampoo off my head, it was still so God damn bloody soapy. My hands were getting tired (maybe from agressive washing down under), it felt as if someone was secretly pouring more of the shampoo on me. And the bubbles that formed, it felt like a bubble party.

30 mins has elapsed and I was clearly pissed.

I opened the door and screamed for mom.

"WHAT SHAMPOO IS THIS?! WHE DOES IT NOT WASH AWAY!?????"

Mom comes and asks which shampoo am I using.

"YOUR PRECIOUS ONE UNDER THE SINK"

I am so pissed, she was laughing so hard, and all I could do was continue scrubbing my damn foam filled hair.

It was a good five mins which felt like eternity to me, before she got her composure back and said "That's not shampoo my dear, I filled it up with Dynamo(it's a super laundry detergent designed to get the thoughest of thoughest stains off clothes) that's why I put it under the sink love. I need to tell your dad.

"OH GOD WHY WOULD YOU PUT DETERGENT IN A SHAMPOO BOTTLE FOR F SAKE!"

Never judge a shampoo by it's bloody bottle.

*EDIT* What! Thank you guys! Let me try to answer a few questions.

Here is a link to the shampoo I http://www.dynamo.my/en-MY/Products/product.aspx?product=DynamoRange#ArielDynamoAntiBacterial
