So just to set the stage here my wife is currently surfing the red tide solo.  During these monthly events my board is kicking it on the beach waiting for better days. 
  So after watching the family friendly Tosh.O we've been playing the scare game trying to freak each other out on random occasions.  Of course I am the master having got the kids and the wife numerous times and they have failed to scare me yet. But enough of me beating my chest, lets get to the fuck up.

  So the 14 year old is grounded and stuck at home and the 8 and 9 year olds have just finished their homework.  My gorgeous wife calls me saying that she is almost home and that I should get the kids out of the house and take them to the park where she will meet us later after she gets home and changes.  Thats when it hits me... What a perfect opportunity for the four of us to scare the crap out of her.  The first thing she does when she gets home is go to our closet to change clothes.

So I hatch the plan with the kids that we should pretend we went to the park but instead hide in the closet to scare Mom instead.  Everyone loved the idea especially since it didnt involve them being freaked out for once.

So we see her pull into the alley and we scramble into the closet and wait.  Im trying to get them to all stop snickering as we hear the garage door close.  Then come the foot steps down the hall...  Her purse hits the desk and we can hear her fumbling around the room.  The dresser drawer opens and in the back of my head a brain cell lights up... But no thats not going to happen... And then it does.  

Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz and moans start to fill the room.  I look at the puzzled faces of the two innocent ones and the revolting shock of disgust on the 14 year old and did the only thing I could think to do.... "Hey angel we are in the closet and we were going to scare you.  Coming out in 1 minute."

We are still trying to process this event.  But needless to say Im still laughing my ass off and she has this sheepish look on her face.  Not sure what we are going to say to the 8 &amp; 9 year old... And I think the 14 year old will never be the same again.  

So there ya go.