On mobile, so excuse formatting.

So about a month ago, I taught a JA (Junior Achievement) class at a local elementary school. I'm an education major, so I figured this would be good experience. I taught the same lesson to 5 different 5th grade classes throughout the day, and it was about creating a new product and giving a sales pitch. 

Towards the end of the day, I had a class that was rather rowdy, so I made sure to really watch over them and get involved in their projects. I stopped by one group of boys and was intrigued by their drawing. I asked what they were making, and one boy said, "It's a giant roller coaster!" 

Awesome! Creativity! As I was about to give them a compliment on their project, one of the other boys looks at me and says, "Yeah! Giant just like Ryan's mom!" He pointed at Ryan, and Ryan looked at me with the saddest of eyes, hoping that the boy would be reprimanded. Instead of being an adult, I FUCKING LOST IT. I laughed so hard, right in front of Ryan. Ryan proceeded to bawl his eyes out and start hitting his head off of his desk. 

I just walked away and told the actual teacher that he was having some sort of meltdown and stayed away from that group for the rest of their class. 

Tl;dr:

Laughed at a 5th grade "your mom" joke, made kid cry instead of being an adult, avoided kid rest of the day.

EDIT:

Everyone needs to chill. I felt like shit after I did it, that's why it's on TIFU...because I fucked up. The only teaching experience I had up to that point was with high school students, where this scenario would have played out a lot smoother. I guess it was just a natural reaction, and I guess that's why I'm getting my degree in secondary Ed. 

EDIT #2:

Before I walked away I looked at the other kids and asked them to focus on the project, but I will admit I didn't do anything to help Ryan because what the hell do I do with a kid that is repeatedly smashing his head off his desk? Also, the joke wasn't funny. I guess I laughed because I totally didn't expect that kid to say it. Kind of like one of those "oh my god" laughs. 

EDIT #3:

This is my final edit. You better believe I would apologize to the kid now, but I won't see him ever again unless I coincidentally teach another JA class with him in it. I'm looking at it a little more light-heartedly because he was all buddy buddy with his group until I showed up and the other kid said it. Probably still should have talked to him, but we all make mistakes. Definitely taking this as a learning experience. Thanks for all the comments and upvotes! This is my first post to really take off. 