Edit real quick: can I just say how awesome you guys all are?! Because you are! I noticed I'm getting a lot of praise for my support and I just want to say that you all deserve 
The same love and happiness that we have! We aren't perfect by any means. I just called him an hour ago to complain at him because he finished the milk and didn't add it to the list. My cereal was already poured! Thanks again for everyone's kind words. I hope you all find the love we share. It is work, and some days we both say things we don't mean, but I know I wouldn't trade my worst day with him for my best day with anyone else, and I hope he feels the same!

 Link to original: 
http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3649fp/tifu_by_accidentally_discovering_my_husband_has_a/

TL;DR: my hubby found my letter and responded with his own letter. We didn't get to talk and I have a bunch of questions but will give him the space that he is telling me he needs to grow and figure out this part of him. Also weed.


Hey guys! I'm not 100% sure where to put this update, so hopefully it doesn't get deleted!!!

I'll start with saying that after a bunch of awesome advice and encouragement, I bought a Sephora gift card and loaded it with $150 of the money I was saving to visit my sister and mom this summer. It was important to me that I spend my money, and not my husband's. I stopped doing nails professionally when I had my first daughter. It just seemed easier and we didn't have the money to pay for childcare, so now I babysit sometimes and do nails for people at my house occasionally. Definitely not steady income. 

I also included a letter I wrote to him written on the parchment we made together on our honeymoon. I told him how much he means to me and that he is my best friend. I also added that I would like to talk but understand if he isn't ready. I thanked him for our beautiful daughters and for being the best person I've ever known. And I left it at that. He went to work around 5:45 am and was home about 3 pm, which was awesome. We dropped the girls off at my mother in laws house to be baby sat by my sister in law until my best friend got off work. We went to the store and bought a bunch of the food we don't allow our toddler to have. I had an 1/8th of Mr. Nice Guy, a strain a good friend of ours grows and sells to dispensaries around here. Basically, the night was set.. 

We had a great time laughing and just spending time together. We actually took a shower together for the first time since we were dating. It was very sweet and intimate. My husband was the one who suggested the shower. We probably spent 30 minutes just laughing and goofing off under hot water. I'm sorry if that isn't as romantic as some people envision, but for us, that is romance. I knew by the way he was acting that he had found the letter. He was being very touchy and kissy. I could see how vulnerable he was but I let him take the reigns on the night. After our shower, we dried off and drove to an old smoking spot of ours. He smoked a few snaps and we spent an hour on the tailgate of our truck, listening to the wind and crickets and laughing about how different our lives were from when we met. We reminisced about a lot, and he held me when I got cold. At this point I didn't think my husband would initiate any conversation about the makeup. 

We were literally buckling our seat belts to head home when he stopped and looked me in the eyes and said  "Thank you." And he kissed me like it was our wedding night. And then he drove home. 

I cleaned up the kitchen and he disappeared into the garage. At this point it was about 10 and I was getting sleepy. Remember, I have a two month old so I haven't slept through the night in quite some time. I had to pump like there was no tomorrow so I settled down on the couch and turned on Community. I find funny stuff is the easiest at distracting me from the pain of my cracked nips. 


While I was pumping my husband must have come in and gone to bed. I went into the garage to find it empty. I was actually hurt because I wasn't sure why he went to bed without saying goodnight. I climbed into bed and put my back to him haha. He moved across the bed and spooned me. I fell asleep comforted but confused. 

He sneaked out this morning without waking me. My alarm went off at 7 to go pick up the girls. I wandered into the bathroom and found a letter sitting on the toilet.

My husband had written me, I'm assuming either at work or while he was in the garage or both. The garage at our house is basically a room where my husband and I play our video games and hang when the girls are sleeping. There is a couch and a table and tv. All its missing is heat.

In the letter, my husband was very sweet. He explained that he just likes to feel pretty sometimes, and that he didn't start this until we met and he would watch me put on my makeup and see how much prettier I felt. He thanked me for the gift card and laughed at it. He told me he loves me and is happy I picked him to spend my life with. Then he told me right now, he just can't talk about this with me face to face. One day, he assured me, he will be ready, even though he doesn't know when that will be. 


I have a few questions for him, but I understand and I will wait. I'm sorry if I don't have any more to update, or that this didn't turn into a giant Jerry Springer episode where it turns out my husband was blowing dudes in the back of our campground or wanting to leave me, because we all know that would make for a more interesting story. 

Thanks again for all of your support guys. 