So this just happened a short while ago and I'm vexed as fuck.

I matched with a cute girl on tinder. Kind of a weird nose, but otherwise pretty cool. Self described activist, pansexual, and asking for "hookups only." I wasn't really on tinder for the sex (I'm sure the internet will believe that, but seriously I'm new in town and am meeting people any way I can), but I'm always down to get a blowjob, because who isn't. I messaged her asking what the scope of a hookup is and if she practices safe sex (seemed like a good idea to ask), we had a very frank and enjoyable conversation about sexual preferences, and she seemed to match pretty well with me. She gave me her snapchat, we exchanged some pics (with less than socially acceptable amounts of clothing).

I had plans tonight, but told her I was free afterwards. She replied similarly. I asked her if she wanted me to come over later. She said she wanted me to fuck her later.

Later comes around, she gives me her address. I went over, jokingly texting a friend "If I die, tell them I died trying." I got a little lost, arriving at her house a little after midnight.

I text her, she comes out and tells me to park in the driveway. I enter the house, her roommate is sitting on the couch. They offer me a pre-mixed drink. I think very little of it, but remember that my mama always taught me not to take drinks from strangers. I jokingly refuse. They insist. I pull out the apple juice I brought in case I didn't like whatever they were mixing (I know apple juice + vodka is icky, but all they had was cranberry... ew). The kitchen is just around the corner. I head to the kitchen, assuming the vokda will be sitting out. The vodka is nowhere to be seen.

I enter the living room to ask where the vodka was. The girl says I need to leave. I ask why. She says, "I don't really owe you an explanation." I leave, confused.

On the way home I think it over. The only thing I had done before getting kicked out was refusing the drink.

I text her, telling her that I think the only reason she would have acted in the way she acted was if the drink was drugged. She tells me I didn't look as attractive in person as I did on snapchat.

Best case scenario: Girl thought I was ugly as fuck in person.
Worst case scenario: Girl tried to drug my drink with ill intentions.

tl:dr; I went on a tinder date and may have nearly gotten drugged + raped/murdered.

Edit: Since so many people are commenting on the apple juice, drinks had been discussed, and she said that she had cranberry juice and vodka. I think cranberry juice is kind of icky, so I brought a clearly labeled bottle of apple juice. Probably should have texted her telling her I was bringing it, but it didn't even occur to me that it was weird to bring my own mixer.