I should start this off by saying I work at a school for children with special needs, developmental delays, and Autism.   One of our student's biggest reinforcers (things she works for, or can trade in for) is a burger king crown.   She gets to wear the crown, and for five minutes she is the princess and gets to do whatever she wants, within reason.   Unfortunately her crown broke, so I made it a point to get one for her as soon as I could.

So the other day, I was at a job interview for a new position within my company.  I dressed up all fancy like in a nice black suit and tie. I made sure to stop at burger king to get a crown, then I get on my way home and jump on the highway.  At this point I see out my rear view mirror a pull up next to the car behind me, and this kid sticks his head out the window with a burger king crown on.  He then gives the metal hands/rock on sign to the car next to him.  The car drove by me, and I look inside to see only what can be described as a car full of stoned 19 year olds.  They all had long hair, looked scraggly, they were laughing and listening to reggae.   They ignored me (probably because I was dressed all dapper), and again, pulled up next to the car in front of me, and the kid stuck his head out the window with a burger-king crown on yelling / gesturing to the car in front of me.

It is then that I realize I still have my burger king crown in my car for one of the students I work with.   Perfect.   I've had my stoned shenanigans in the past, so I thought these kids would get a kick out of it if a guy in a suit does the same exact thing to them.

I put on my burger king crown and maneuver right up next to their car, and roll my window down.   Holding the crown on with my hand, I stick my head out the window and give them a metal rock on sign with my other hand with a nod.

They FREAK. THE FUCK. OUT.  The whole car is laughing and cannot believe their eyes.  I think I saw an actual "mind blown" moment there. The guy in their car with the burger king crown happened to be in the passenger seat, and in a moment of incredulity, throws his body back into the driver in laughter.   This caused the driver to swerve into the guard rail next to him, fucking up the side of his car.   WOOPS.  My apologies stoner dudes.  I hope the story of the guy in a suit with a burger king crown was worth it.   Luckily no other cars were involved, and nobody was hurt.  



