Note: The story takes place several years ago

At that time I was living in a pretty nice apartment in a decent part of my hometown. Only problem was that my flatmate decided to leave me, since she moved back to her town to live with her bf and I was in desperate search of new flatmate. The apartment was rather expensive and sometimes it was hard on me to pay the bills myself. So on the night of the fuck-up, I was with my aunt who was working at a restaurant at that time. Her shift has ended and we were talking behind the restaurant. She asked me how I was and if I had found a new flatmate. I said no and explained that things are hard for now but I was a firm believer that everything would turn out good for me. She asked me if I had everything I need (she used to help me out with some small utilities from the restaurant kitchen, you know salt, sugar, some eggs, stuff like that). I told her that I had everything but salt, since I forgot to buy some. She offered to help me out and went back into the kitchen. She returned shortly thereafter and handed me a Ziploc baggie with some salt in it (about half way full). I placed it my pocket and after we parted ways I came back to my apartment. I threw my jacket on the couch and decided to lay down a bit on my bed. 

Shortly after that I received a phone call from a friend of mine who said that he had organized a small gathering for a few of our mutual friends in a local nightclub and asked if I wanted to join them. I thought for a few seconds and decided to go out and have some fun. So I agreed to go and went to take a shower and get myself dressed. After a few hours he was at my place and in my hurry to go out, I grabbed my jacket from the couch with the salt inside and went out. 

We were at the club not long after that. We paid for the admission and got some fancy looking stamps on our wrists. It was then time to get checked by security for weapons, you know, the usual. The security guard who was about to check me was rather intimidating, the usual MMA-type looking guy but he was kinda friendly. He started doing his routine, tapping my pockets, going behind my back etc. 

At this very moment my mind registered the fact that I was wearing the jacket with the salt in it ... you know the suspicious looking white stuff in a Ziploc baggie. My eyes quickly widened when the guy tapped the pocket with the salt in it. He gave me a look and demanded I empty my pocket. Shakingly I pulled out the contents of it including the bag with the salt. The guy immediately grabbed it and started questioning me what was that. Of course I tried to explain that it was salt but he was having none of it. He quickly got other people from the security involved  and called the cops for "a possible supplier".

My friend was terrified, trying to negotiate with the security but they quickly started searching him too. We tried to explain that it was a misunderstanding and that it's in fact just salt but they said that they should leave it to the cops to figure it out. I was led outside the club and shortly after that, the cops showed up. The security dude explained to them, and they called for me to "go with them to the police station for further questioning". I wasn't handcuffed but people outside were looking at me like I was the biggest crook they ever saw. I was put in the back seat of the cop car and we drove to the station. The entire road, I tried to explain the same to them but they only said that "We shall soon see" and they asked me "How come a young girl like me could get involved in stuff like that"

I was brought to the station and I was left on the police bench to sit and wait while they went inside a room to talk to their chief. After a few minutes a guy came out from the room, whom I immediately recognized. It was my uncle (he is the guy who is married to my aunt but I don't know the English term for that kind of person so I am calling him uncle) who was the chief of the local police station, fact which escaped my mind at those minutes. He sat down next to me and asked if I was ok. I said I was and tried to explain to him what was the situation. He shook his head and said he believed me. Why you might ask ? Well he did what the others couldn't figure out to do the entire evening .. he opened the bag and tasted the contents of it. He hugged me and asked if I wanted a ride home. I said yes and he drove me to my place. He of course asked me if his officers or the security guards were rough on me but I said that they weren't and that I am just disappointed that this happened. My whole evening was ruined and I did not want to show my face around town for a while. 

tl;dr Brought a bag of salt with me in a club. Bouncer thought its drugs. I almost spent the night in jail for it.


EDIT: Let me sit on my laptop again and I'll answer your questions. Also I'll change my goddamned tl;dr

EDIT 2: Whoah ... I had no idea that this would blow up this much. I've read over 200 comments in the past 2 hours and I gotta say I agree with you wholeheartedly. Cops should definitely know the difference between fucking salt and actual drugs. But as some of you pointed out, there are a lot of drugs who have crystal-like structure and could easily look like, well salt for example, so I see why the bouncer took this as an issue. Also a lot of you wondered why my uncle tasted the substance. Well for starters, they did told him who they brought in for questioning. Of course he recognized who I was and they also told him why I am there. They told him that I tried to counter this whole thing by claiming its salt and not drugs and my uncle who has worked for a conciderable amount of time with drugs (in the respective department) could pretty easily differentiate between table salt and ... well drugs. And he knew me pretty well to know that I am not the one to deal or use drugs. So he took it upon himself to prove that its a fucking condiment and not cocaine or meth or crack and whatever else kids are taking these days. Of course he took a big risk with this but he was so certain of me not fucking up like that that he was ready to try uknown substance just upon my word. I do owe him a lot.  

EDIT 3: Jesus guys, for people who are frequent on sub that requires reading, you really aren't paying enough attention. It was never said that the bouncer/police officers mistook the salt for COCAINE ! Just a suspicious white powder in a Ziploc bag. A variety of drugs look like that. 
