I was visiting So. Cal with my girlfriend of two years and we decided to make a trip to Disneyland for the day. That morning, she had packed us a nice lunch with lots of veggies and healthy shit. I had no objection to eating healthy for once, as the majority of my meals in LA consisted of Taco Bell and In-N-Out (I'm Canadian so I have to take advantage of this whenever possible)

Throughout this vacation, her and I constantly made back-and-forth jokes about our shitty eating habits and how we had left our healthy lifestyles back at home. 

Well, that morning, she packs a big bag of spinach for us to munch on. Spinach is my favorite healthy snack. However, she did not take into account the fact that it would be sitting in the bottom of her backpack, squished by the weight of other various fooditems, for several hours in the Anaheim heat.

So I'm standing in line for the Indiana Jones ride, it's about 5 o'clock and I'm starting to feel snackish. So I reach into her backpack and pull out this gnarly looking bag of spinach. Most of the leaves had already turned into that flaccid combination of very dark green/brown pulp, not appetizing at all. 

Feeling disappointed, I turn to my girlfriend and say jokingly, "Everyone here should just leave their vegetables at home. They have no reason to be at a place like this." She laughed and my heart melted a little bit.

"EXCUSE ME?!?!?!?"

I turn around and a mother with her severely disabled daughter is standing right behind me in line. Both are wearing bright orange shirts with some charity's logo on it and "DISNEYLAND 2014" in boldface across the chest. Then I look behind them. There is a large group of people wearing the same shirts. And they all have the same expression of disgust on their faces.

"My daughter is not a vegetable! She is the sweetest, kindest thing ever! Yatta yatta yatta. How DARE you tell me where I can and can't take my own child!"

Realizing what she thought I meant, I quickly tried to cover up my ass. 

"Oh no. No. No. No. I didn't mean it that way! I was just referring to this rotten bag of spinach!"

"WHAT DID YOU JUST CALL HER?"

I pull out the bag of spinach from the backpack. One of the guys from the group walks up to me and says "You think you're funny? Try taking care of a child with cerebral palsy, let alone suffer from it! I'm sure you wouldn't be fucking laughing."

Before giving me another chance to explain myself, he walks between my girlfriend and I as to cut off our spot in line. Then he signals for the rest of the group to walk right by us. I had already waited in line for approximately 40 minutes, and now a group of 20+ people felt they had the right to budge us in line because of a simple misunderstanding. 

"What do you think you're doing?" I ask him

"We're going on this ride before you."

"What gives you the right to do that?"

"You fucking insulted my niece, that's what!"

My girlfriend is telling me to let it go, but I'm not letting this douchebag get away with this. So I walk ahead to the front of the group to reassert our position in line. The mother says "no, you're gonna have to wait in line like everybody else." 

WTF? 

I suddenly felt a hand on my shoulder. People from the group were forcefully pushing me to the back of the line. My brain was about to explode from the absurdness of the situation. Without thinking, I immediately turned around and swung at the douchebag who cut us off, hitting him square in the jaw. By this time, the rest of the people in line were watching us. 

My girlfriend rushed over and pulled me out of there before I heard one of the ladies from the group scream "I NEED A CAST MEMBER!"

Two park employees came running up to us asking what all the commotion was. The mother of the handicapped girl told them how we had PERSONALLY insulted her child, as well as other disabled children in general. Then they said that I had tried taking their place in line because I thought their group was too large. THEN the one d-bag showed the staff his swollen cheek, saying how I turned violent when I wouldn't return to my place in line. That part was true, but the way he explained it to them made it seem like I went Marsellus Wallace on his ass.

Then I told them my side of the story. They didn't believe it. A nice cast member by the name of Carl escorted us out of the park. I am now banned from all Disney parks for life.

We went to Knott's the next day without any incident or vegetables.

TLDR; my spinach went bad, some crazy woman assumed I was insulting her disabled daughter and I am now no longer allowed to visit the Happiest Place on Earth.

edit 1: The staff at Disney showed us the footage of the incident before we were escorted out. I did punch another man in the face, and that's probably the main reason why I am banned. I fucked up there but I choose not to dwell on it. 

edit 2: Thank you for the gold, random stranger! 