First off, to the best of my knowledge I am not mentally or physically disabled. Ok, this story came up during an askreddit feed last night, and enough people asked for the story/thought I was a liar/asked if I stole a medal from a mentally handicapped person that I decided to post the full story here. Before reading, please note that this is a fuck up. I see it as a fuck up. It’s a funny story, and honestly if I could go back I’m not sure I would change anything, but it’s still a fuck up, and I mean no disrespect to the Special Olympics or anyone who competes in them. (Unless you’re an asshole like me and shouldn’t be in them.)

Like most fuck ups on here, this didn’t happen today. It was a few years ago in fact. To graduate from my school, students needed to do a year long project that had a community service component. One of my best friends-we’ll call him Ronnie- decided to do his project on the Special Olympics, and got his volunteer hours by training with my school’s Special Olympics team that would be competing in bocce (Backyard bowling) in the Spring. After a few weeks, Ronnie talked me in to volunteering with the team as well. It was fun, fulfilling, and I had some court-ordered community service hours due to a water balloon incident. After months of training with them every week, Ronnie and I went to the actual Special Olympics event with the team to cheer them on. This is where it all went south. While our school’s team was warming up, the coach came up to Ronnie and I on the sidelines. I kid you not, this is what she said. “Guys, we only have 6 members, and there needs to be 4 on a team to compete. I need you two to play on one of our teams or two kids aren’t going to get to play. Yup. We were just as surprised. Apparently when the coach signed up our school, she said there were 8 players, knowing that there were 6. So I guess she planned on Ronnie and I taking one for the team the whole time.

So, that was that. Ronnie and I pretty much had no choice, because there were two special needs kids that weren’t going to get to compete if we didn’t play on their team. So Ronnie and I put on sunglasses and walked onto the field with them. In our first match, I don’t think Ronnie and I have ever been so uncomfortable. And we’re pretty extroverted. For any who don’t know the rules of bocce, the goal is to roll balls as close as possible to a point on the field, knocking out the other team’s balls if you can to get as many points each round. First to 12 points wins. Ronnie and I just sort of lazily rolled the balls because what the fuck else were we supposed to do. However, the two special needs kids on our team had been training for months, and managed to win the game despite Ronnie and I not really being 100% invested in the win. Right after that win we moved on, and that’s when the TV cameras started trying to interview us. Ronnie and I avoided those like the plague. Sure, we were willing to compete in the Special Olympics. But we weren’t about to act mentally disabled for the media. We had morals.

Unfortunately, the morals weren’t really that strong. As we kept advancing, Ronnie and I sort of got more and more pumped up, fueled by the cheering crowd and the excitement of the two other kids on our team. Long story short, by the time we got to the finals our group of 4 was so pumped full of competitive spirit that we won 12-0. I don’t think what we had done really hit us until we were on a podium receiving a medal. 

The fun didn’t stop there. At the end of the year my school had an awards ceremony in which people who won things/received scholarships and whatnot were recognized in front of the whole school. Ronnie and I had to stand up in front of our whole school, medals shining on our chests, as the phrase “Please give a round of applause to our Special Olympics gold medalists!” was announced on the auditorium loudspeaker. Our friends won’t ever let us forget that one.

So that’s it really. We both kinda felt rough about it, and we have been volunteering/raising money for the Special Olympics ever since. I don’t even like to say the word “retarded”. So hopefully we don’t go right to Hell, despite the fact that our record is now similar to that of Eric Cartman.

TL/DR: I tried to volunteer at the special olympics, ended up competing and winning

EDIT: Wowzers, did not expect this much attention for this. As long as this many people are seeing this, check out this link http://www.specialolympics.org/get_involved.aspx which will tell you how to volunteer near you. It's an amazing organization, though I won't promise that volunteering will get you a medal. By the way, thank you to the kind smartass who gilded this post