So, a little backstory: 

I live in a nice neighborhood where all of the families are fucked up, husbands drink and cheat on wives, wives pop  xanax and cheat on husbands, children become entitled and  everybody pretty much hates eachother.. Typical Suburban neighborhood. So every summer, one weekend, I throw a Barbeque/pool party where half of the neighborhood drinks all the booze I buy and eat all of the food I cook then get drunk, pass out on the floor, then I cook them breakfast in the morning and then they leave. 

Well, the life of the party was always my neighbor(let's call him B). B worked in finances and was loaded. About a year ago, B's wife informed me that B beat her and their son alot. (Oh by the way their son is 24, still living at home, never had a job.[entitled]). So I gave her and her son a copy of the key to my house so if B was being abusive to either of them, they would have a safe haven. 

Fast forward to now: B's wife divorced him and basically bled his bank account and stocks dry and now B's wife (lets call her A) is a single mom, with more money than she can spend, living with her son(let's call him WTF). 

Last week, I had to go out of town for business and since I am single with no kids and I have 4 cats, I needed someone to house sit for me. So I hired WTF to feed my cats for the 3 days I would be gone. 

The day I returned, I caught an earlier flight and arrived home around 2pm, whereas I was supposed to arrive at 10pm. I enter my home and my garage is filled with cigarette smoke, my counter had prescription drugs sitting on it, right next to lines of cocaine, and music was blaring out of my entertainment system. 
I walk upstairs to my room, and the bedspread is all haywire. I change my clothes and decide to look to see if WTF was even in the house. I walk downstairs to the theater room and I see the back of his head, as if he was simply watching a movie. Except he wasn't. I walk over to chew him out and possibly strangle him, and he is (and this is the WTF WTF part) dressed in women's clothes, masturbating, whilst he has a dildo the size of texas inside of him. 

I walk away.

I walk back 5 minutes later and rip the Dr Dre Beats off of his fucking skull and tell him to get the fuck out of my house and take his drugs with him.

He left.

I clean my house, air out my garage, sanitize the fuck out of every god damn room.

The next day, I receive a text from A. "Hey. WTF told me that you were mean to him when you got back. Why?".
I explain in great detail what happened. 
She doesn't reply. 

I haven't heard from either of them.


tl;dr Paid some man-child to house sit for me, arrived at my house to the place trashed and him crossdressing/masturbating on my leather couches.


Update: The cats were doing coke with Anna Kendrick.

