First off this happened 15 years ago. I was 14 years old at the time and after a long day at school being surrounded by the opposite sex and festering in a pool of my own raging hormones I rushed home to release some 'stress'. I remember vaguely after walking in the house my mother saying something about having an early dinner. I acknowledged her, planted my backpack at the edge of the stairs, ran up to my room and locked the door. Now mind you, I had a strange door knob. Instead of your standard "push button door knob lock" mine had to have the whole door knob pushed in and than cocked to the right to be locked. It was a poor design ( I don't think they even make them anymore) and very difficult to lock. 

Anyways, on with my humiliation. I was fortunate enough to have my own computer in my room. My parents didn't know the dangers of the internet back then and I wasn't inclined to be the one to tell them. As far as my parents knew I was playing video games and messing around with AOL. This being the days of dial up, internet porn wasn't anything like the way it is today. There weren't very many videos (and if there were they'd take forever to load) there was mostly pics, and even those took some time to load back then. So there I am in the dark ( I had the blinds closed and a blanket covering my window)  shirt off and pants around my ankles sitting in my computer chair choking my bishop. I find a pic that I like, click on it and let the loading commence. With every pixel that slowly loads I can feel myself growing closer to finishing. When the picture finally fully loads I sit back and gaze with sinful eyes. I can feel myself about to finish when my FATHER WHIPS OPEN THE DOOR AND SAYS: "Son, dinner's rea-". I literally came at the same time he opened the door, as he was saying "Son, dinner's ready" my boyhood was shooting into the air and down onto my chest and stomach. The worse part was for a brief moment my father and I locked eyes. For what seemed like an eternity, for which in reality was only half a second, the door quickly slammed closed. 

There I sat, covered in my own shame. I quickly cleaned myself up and reluctantly headed down stairs. I was relived to find my father at the head of the table acting as if nothing happened. My mother was bringing things out from the kitchen and from what I could tell had no idea what had just transpired up stairs. I sat myself at the opposite end of the table and my father looked up at me. He had asked my this same question since I was a child almost every time before we ate a family dinner. Except this time it had a little more sarcasm behind it. He said: "Son, Did you wash your hands?"

TL;DR: I was teenager, didn't lock the door right and came in front of my dad.