I am the pastor of a mainline church in a small town (around 3,000 people) in the American Midwest. In America, yesterday was Daylight Savings Time, when we move the clock back by one hour. 

Our church has one of those carillon bell systems that chimes the hour, plays music, etc. Our is relatively un-annoying though, as it only plays twice a day: noon and six p.m. 

Yesterday morning, I was in the middle of my sermon when the bell begins to toll an hour early. Crap. Forgot to set that clock back. Oh, well, finish preaching, walk up to the balcony and change the 12 back to 11. Good, right? I go about the rest of my day, doing visitation and having meetings, not thinking anything else about it.....until I'm woken up at midnight by the tolling of the bells. 

The first ten seconds, I'm trying to figure out if it's our church or the Catholic church across town. Nope, way too loud to be them. Why are our bells going off now? Oh, no. When I changed the 12 to 11, I didn't change it from PM to AM. They're off by twelve hours! 

For the second ten seconds, I'm thinking "Ok, fine. Just twelve tolls and then it's done." Until my wife asks, "Does this mean it's going to play the ten minutes of music it does at noon?" "SHIT!" 

At this point, I'm up and running. Throw on pants, dive in the car and drive the two block to church. Run into the building, through the sanctuary, up the stairs to the balcony, (tripping in my slippers the entire way), and confront the bell system.....only to find it's apparently in lockdown mode while playing. 

This is one of those cold nights where sound carries forever. The church sits on a hill at the very center of town, so everyone in our city is hearing this. Dogs are starting to bark. 

However, I stare dumbly at the panel for the next 60 seconds or so. These systems are VERY expensive. The only way to stop this one playing now is to unplug it mid-song, and I have no idea what this is going to do to this system. Finally, as it begins to play "Stand Up, Stand Up for Jesus" merrily to a small, waking town, I pull the plug. 

I plugged it back in, waited for it to boot, then fixed the time. Went back to my car and drove home, looking for people glaring out their windows at me. The next morning, I'm now waiting for two things: complaints to be made, and for noon to arrive to see if I broke the bells. 

EDIT: Sorry, walked away from this not realizing anyone would actually care. The bells played as normal at noon. No one has called to complain YET. 

As to the "OMG, that's annoying at noon" complaints. The church sits dead center of the town at the main intersection. The fire department and police stations are across the street. Semis are constantly clanking through the intersection. The grade school is down the street. We're even on a river, so there's a fair amount of noise from boat traffic. Those bells are BY FAR not the loudest thing going in town during the day. Besides, I'm a relatively young pastor (in my 30's). These things were installed around the year I was born. It's not like I ring the damn things myself. 

EDIT #2: Thanks for the gold! I only have a vague idea of what it is, but it's appreciated anyway!