First off, I am happily married with a kid, and I'm completely naive. 

I have back problems. Once and a while it gets really bad and sometimes the only way to relieve my pain is by using a jacuzzi. I don't own one. It was really killing me today.  So I looked around for a spa with a jacuzzi.  I find one. It's in the middle of the Korean section of town. I think, "Great. It's like the public bath houses in Korea." 

Go in pay the money. Everything seems cool. Take off my clothes put a towel around my waist, wash and get in the jacuzzi. A few people say, "hi". I notice some of the guys are middle eastern but most are asian. It is clear that the Asian people are the regulars.

I'm feeling relaxed, and back is feeling much better. I decide to have a look around. There's a sauna room. It's completely dark, but I think, "Hey. I hate bright lights when I'm trying to relax." 

I look around some more and find a lounge room. Two guys are sitting in there. I sit a little ways away. I'm watching the TV but notice one puts his arm around the other guy. I don't think much of it. I tell my self, "eh they're probably a couple." I leave because I don't like PDAs.

So I go into the sauna because I love the heat. Big mistake. It was dark for a reason. Some dude is giving another dude a blowjob while another guy was watching. 

I'm not a homophobe. If this was a hetero sex club I would have noped the fuck out of there just as fast.

I skip the shower you should have before you leave a spa. And I walk to go change into my clothes. As I change my clothes an Asian guy is changing next to me. He says, "Kind of a disappointment today. See all the dark young guys, but they don't want anything." 

I nervously laugh and say, "Yeah. Right." WTF? I'm worried this guy is going to think I'm not into dudes. Like if he figures out I'm not gay/bi he's going to screech like in Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I take my key to the front desk, don't say bye to the attendant and speed all the way home to take a shower.

~~I'm all freaked out now. My family would probably disown me if there was even a rumor that I went into a gay bath house while being married. My face is on all the cameras outside the building. I don't think I'll ever tell my wife. But~~ I'm worried one day that a picture will show up somewhere  of me going into a gay bath house.

TL;DR: Google led me to a gay bath house.

UPDATE: Will Probably Tell My Wife. Thank you Internet for making me less stressed. You are my non-sex club spa.

UPDATE 2: Talked with the wife over breakfast.  She went from  confused to "WTF why did you say, 'Yeah. Right.'?" to "OK". Thought she was a little pissed. Waited in akward silence for a about 30 sec. Then she asked, "Did anyone have a better looking butt  than me?" I knew we were all right.

CLARIFICATION: My wife was not angry. Her WTF was more bewilderment at the fact that I said, "Yeah. Right." and that the fact that sex clubs exist. She's from the middle east.

FURTHER CLARIFICATION: Nobody has a natural booty as good as my wife does. Nobody.