Sit back, read and enjoy my misfortune.

Today was my 25th birthday, my friends invited me over to hang out. I get all dressed up to head over to my friends place.

As I get there, I need to pee. I hadn't been feeling well for the last couple of days so as I am peeing, I need to fart...

So I do... but its not. Liquid poop, my jeans immediately are soaked and I reach back to check and raise my wet, poopy hand to my face to smell...

yes, it is in fact poop...

Like a small part of me had hoped it would be water off a bush or something else.

I panic, 25 years old and up until today could say, "I have never actually shit myself." well not anymore.

I do what anyone would do and drive home in shame, well little did I know that all my friends were inside ready to surprise me as I came inside the door at their house. I literally drove away from my surprise party.

For some reason, I had a bathrobe in my car so I wrapped myself in that (my jeans were drenched) and climbed into my car.

As I am driving home, next thing I see red and blue lights... "Are you fucking kidding me...", I pull over. Cop approaches window, leans in and immediately reels back. "What the fuck is that smell?"

Now I'll be honest... as a 25 year old man, I started crying.

Me "I'M... sob... I'm... sob... SO SORRY BUT... officer, I uh... sob shit myself."

Cop "You what..?"

Me "I pooped myself, man..."

Cop "You are serious?"

Me "Yes sir."

Cop "How old are you sir?"

Me "I'm 25... its my birthday and I pooped myself."

Cop "Um... hold on a minute here, I'll try get you on your way."

Cop disappears for a few minutes, I assume getting the last laugh out as he tells his buddies then comes back

Cop "Alright sir, you have a good night."

Me "Uh... sob I'll try, sir."

Cop "Well shit son, not like it can get any worse... Sometimes, shit happens."

TLDR - Went to pee before a surprise party, tried to fart and shit my pants. Drove home and got pulled over by a cop, made fun of my shitty situation. 0/10 would not recommend


EDIT - Holy fuck, did not expect this to blow up. Few things. 

1. Went to friends house (where surprise party was)


2. Went to pee in bushes near house before going inside


3. Went to fart, shit myself


4. Left house (where they were waiting) and drove home.


5. Got pulled over, made fun of by cop


6. Got home, found out next day I missed my party. Sad.


And to whoever gave me gold, What the fuck? Donate to some charity or something next time not some dude with too much trust in his butthole. 


Also 7. I had "Herb" in the car as well, forgot to mention. Contributed to my "Oh, fuck I'm going to jail covered in shit." crying.


8. I apologize for the layout and writing of the story, I am bad and should feel bad.