This actually happened two weeks ago and before you start thinking I made this up let me just say that I didn't just go up to the CEO and say this out of nowhere. It was completely accidental and just the worst luck imaginable.........

I've worked at this place for a little over 2 years. I don't want to mention the name of the company but it is a major, probably the largest, pharmacy/convenience store company in the country. They have stores everywhere. I was a cashier and on this particular day I was working the afternoon shift. It was around 5:30 in the afternoon and pretty slow in the store. 

So I was in the middle of restocking the shelves (for anybody that's never worked a retail job that's what you do when you're the cashier and there are no customers to ring up). I was stocking the shelves in the alcohol aisle when I saw a customer walk into the aisle and start browsing our alcohol selection. It's worth noting that I noticed this customer was wearing a nice suit and tie and seemed to be some sort of businessman but didn't think anything of it at the time. As I was trained to do I walked up to him and politely said "Anything I can help you with today sir?" And he responded "Nope" which I think was a little rude but I didn't care so I told him just to let me know if he needed me for anything and just went back to stocking shelves. 

Now here's where it starts to get a little messed up. I noticed he was heading towards the register so I of course started walking to the register to ring him up. He saw me walking towards the register and when I was seriously no more than a few feet from the register he said "Come on let's go. Is this how you are trained to treat you're customers? Just keep them waiting all day?" Now this struck a cord with me because of how close I was to the register and because of how fucking rude of a thing it was to say. But since "the customer is always right" I just said I was really sorry and didn't meant to waste any of his time and began quickly ringing up his items. But once I got to his liquor and scanned it he said "So you aren't going to ask for my I.D.? Are all the employees here this lazy or are you the only one? Get you manager out here." 

Now I was mad and offended. I had no idea who this fucking guy thought he was and why he was acting like he is somehow better than me. In all honesty after he said that I was livid inside and remembered back to my manager telling me that if we think it is necessary we can refuse business to a customer if they are harassing us or being threatening....etc so this is where I fucked up by saying "You know what man? We don't want your business. You can fuck off and get the fuck out of here right now." 

I realized a lot of things right after I said this. I realized that I was yelling, that I over reacted, that I was probably going to get fired, that my manager was watching me from the back of the store, and that the customers shirt under his suit jacket had the company name stitched into it. The customer then identified himself as the CEO who was in town attending a conference (I live in a big city) and that I was terminated. My manager agreed, of course she had to agree no matter what, and so I had to grab my stuff from the back and leave. 

My manager later got in touch with me and apologized for having to agree or she would lose her job and also apologized for the CEO being such a huge dick. Thought I would share just how badly I fucked up. Now I've got to get back to looking for another job haha.