This happened Saturday morning. I was trying to block it out of my mind but, to no avail, here I am. 

Some background: I'm 23, a female, and I recently got into strength training. I don't want to be grossly bulky, but I want to be fit. 

Saturday morning, my brother texted me. He had come over to eat breakfast (I still live with my parents, and he visits on the weekend). So I dragged myself out of bed. We decide we want waffles. My mom makes them. Nothing unusual has happened at all. 

As my mom is cleaning up, we are all in the kitchen just chatting. I walk up to my brother. I'm impressed with how my triceps are coming along, so I say "Hey, dude. Feel my muscle." Being the older brother he is, he gives me a good punch. He then tells me to feel his, so I punch him back. Then he tells me to punch his abs. Then comes the most terrible moment ever. 

My brother says to my mom, "Hey, mom, do you have muscles?" 

Some background on my mom: She's 57 years old; stands a mere 4'10" tall. She's been working out with me. She is one of those moms that acts like shes 25, but that's ok because she pulls it off. She's full of energy and spunk. 

So after my brother seals our fate with his damn question, we both look at my mom. I'm expecting a tacky, "Yeah, yeah, check out the gun show." *pose*pose*pose* Oh how I wish it had played out like that. Dear Lord. Nothing and I mean NOTHING could have prepared us for what happened next. 

My dear, sweet, 57 year old mother turns around. She begins to say, "Heck yes, I have a sick pack" all the while pulling up her shirt to show off said six pack. Reddit, this is where it went downhill so fast. As my mom pulls up her shirt to show off her abs, she forgets that gravity is a bitch and she isn't wearing proper undergarments-- well, any undergarments to be correct. 

So there we stand, my brother and I, getting flashed by my 57 year old mother. Being a female, IDGAF. I instantly bust out laughing. I turn around to face my brother. Bless his dear soul. His eyes are filled with such regret for asking the question that got us in this position. As I am crying from laughing so hard, my mom is apologizing  up and down while laughing her ass off as well. My poor brother had no choice but to join in-- what was seen couldn't be unseen. 

After we laughed for a solid 5 minutes because it was so damn awkward, my brother peaced the fuck out. I simply texted him saying "TIFU by asking my brother to feel my tricep" and it was spoken of no more. *Shudders*

Edit: Thank you for gold, extremely generous Redditor! You made my day!! :-) (Also thanks for all the upvotes everyone. Getting on the front page is crossed off the bucket list. Getting gilded with gold is too! You all ruleee!)