Okay, time for some background and disclosure. My Biology teacher (we'll call her "Kate"), is hot. I don't mean this in a "I want to have sex with her" way, but rather a "I'd like to unzip her genes" way (yes, I got that off the internet). Either way, she has been at the school for five years, and in that time the school has come to an informal consensus that her Ass should be the mark to which other Asses are compared. For example, if me and my friends are checking some girl out, we'd say "Not as good as Kate's, but not bad either". This leads us to today.

My Biology teacher (who is awesome), had previously told us that she liked to matchmake within her classes, and I decided to take my chances in getting in a class with the hottest girl in my grade (we're juniors). As such, I walked up to my Biology teacher, and casually asked if next semester she could pair us together (I'm really sleep-deprived from finals, so my inhibition is turned off). At this, she smiled and said "you think she's attractive don't you". This is where I fucked up. I, without looking at my teacher and mistaking this casual conversation with those that I have with my friends, said "Well her Ass isn't Kate good, but it's...." At this, she raised her eyebrow and smiled a bit at my embarrassment, and then turned and walked away. I have Bio tomorrow, and don't know how I can face her again.

Tl;dr My Bio teacher's ass is the informal benchmark at my school for a good ass. Accidentally let it slip in a conversation with her that I thought my classmate's ass was almost at her level.

Edit: Not going to share photo of Teacher's ass. Don't want identification. However, this is roughly equivalent (except blonde and white pants) http://i.imgur.com/7KtTI.jpg

Update: Thanks for the Gold! I did go to school again today, and I did go to Biology class. After reading all of your comments, I decided to play it cool, and bank on sitting next to the girl in my grade, and it worked! She announced seating charts. Also, some of my friends discovered this, and they loved the fact that "Kate Good" was now Reddit's benchmark. Thanks for all the comments!