TIFU Reddit, and i dont think i will ever forget this.

quick preface: i am a 20 [M] in college at a state university. i usually dont post so if this post probably sucks but whatever, i needed to get this off my chest.

So this FU actually occurred today...
while at the local headshop (preparing for april 20) there was a really attractive red haired girl with quite possibly one of the most radiantly attractive smiles i have ever seen in my life standing in line waiting to be helped. as she was waiting, her phone went off and her ringer was r2d2. me, wanting to strike up conversation, told her that was an awesome ringtone, to which she replied that she is a huge star wars fan, which is awesome because i am too! we make small talk, definitely mentioning the new trailer that just was released and whatnot. we were hitting it off well, and we turned out to have so many things in common: we are both huge fans of LoTR, super into gaming, specifically old nintendo console gaming and pc gaming, and obviously smoking (we were at a head shop so that is obvious). then, the absolute kicker of the whole situation was that she browses reddit! everything about this girl is 10/10 and when she walked out the door i thought my friend i was with was gonna kill me for not asking for her number. I've fucked up a lot in my life, theres no doubt about that; but i think this might be one of those fuck ups that haunt me forever.


TL;DR: saw pretty girl who is also fellow redditor, hit it off super well, didnt ask for phone number.



edit: didn't expect this to blow up at all...
for those wondering, I'm from southern Louisiana, I'm not gonna go any more specific than that location. I'm pretty sure that if she reads this, she would know who I am. even the guy working in the store was telling me how I fucked up not getting your number...
also, for those taking me so literally on calling her perfect, yes I know I only met her for 5 min, I didn't mean that's she's literally perfect, she just seems like a cool person and I'd like to get to know her better if the opportunity were to arise.
also, thanks for the gold strangers!

edit 2: so to clear some things up,
yes i go to LSU. no, i actually was not at the ra shop surprisingly enough; my buddy and i were at a 24 hour smoke shop just off campus, those of you familiar with LSU should know what im talking about.

edit 3: just logged back on after spending the day celebrating. there really isn't anything to update, no hits yet. celebrated a lot before writing this so... more updates later

edit 4: so, after celebrating for a full 24 hours... people have sent me pictures of random redheads apparently who go to lsu, so far no matches. that being said... i didnt make this post to find her, i made this post because i was at a solid [6] and just felt like putting it somewhere. also, to the people saying we were gonna date/fuck/etc., NO, i just wanted her number to see where things would have gone had i not been a little bitch about it. and if she did/does have a boyfriend, who cares, she could have been a great friend, who knows.