This FU happened last night but I'm still reeling from it right now. 

I work at a youth detention center which, if you aren't familiar with, can be very exhausting work.  Being a recent college graduate,  I still live at home with my mom and two younger brothers.  My younger brothers are very grab happy and tend to help themselves to whatever they want in my room.

So I get home around 1130 last night, exhausted and famished. I settle for a quick dinner of microwaved taquitos and head straight to bed as I have to be back into work by 6am the next day.  Upon my arrival to my room, I realize that my pillow is noticeably absent from my bed. After a quick search around my room I realize that one of my brothers must have taken it. Being as exhausted as i was, I was in no mood to travel through the house, in search of my pillow. I decided to improvise a substitute (I have a pillow top mattress,  so I basically just spoon with the pillow anyway. ) while conducting my search,  I stumble upon a long forgotten cotton comfort underneath my bed, still tucked away inside a pillow case and everything. "Perfect" I think to myself as I tuck it between my legs and drift off into the kind of sleep that only a 15 hour shift can provide. I have the most wonderful dream about myself filling with energy, floating peacefully through the ambient abyss. Somber vibrations melt over my body as I drift through a sea of tranquility.  

Wait...

These vibrations are actually pretty intense.

Cue spiders. EVERYWHERE. On my legs. Crawling up my back. In my hair. On my nose. ON MY COCK 'N BALLS. MY COCK 'N BALLS GUYS! Did I mention I'm arachnophobic? 

Hundreds?  You betcha.  Thousands? Quite possibly.  Millions?  No reddit, not millions.  I mean honestly... the sheer logistics alone of fitting a million spiders into one room... just stop it. 

Anyway,  turns out the abandoned pillow I spooned with had become a nesting ground for one huge slut of a spider and I burst all of the egg sacs with one fell squeeze of my sleepy thighs. After what felt like several minutes of my best Robert Plant impression via "the immigrant song" intro,  I bolted to the shower and scrubbed myself raw. I haven't been back into my room since.  I called an exterminator which is scheduled for Monday but there'sa good chance I'll set fire to my room before he gets here. 

tl;dr spiders

Edit: syntax

Edit 2: a thousand thank yous to the user who popped my gold cherry.  Not a million though, a million thank yous is just logistically impossible.  Much too many for any one person to give to any other person. 