So this fuck up actually did happen today, about five hours ago. 

My girlfriend had just gone downstairs and I was finishing a conversation with her parents upstairs. After finishing the conversation, I headed downstairs, I notice she's in the bathroom. Being the quick-thinking guy I am, I silently run across the room and hide in the corner to wait for her to come out of the bathroom. This way, when the door opened it would be blocking her view from me. For the record, the room is pitch black - I was gonna scare her so well! 

Fast forward 15 seconds of waiting, the door opens and I prepare to strike! Once she walks out I leave my spot from against the wall and go to grab her waist from behind. The next thing I realize is feeling a quick strike of pain to my face, seeing stars, and laying on the floor. 

By this point, she is screaming, I'm cursing, her parents are probably thinking we're having sex in their house. I'm no small guy either at 6'2, 190 lbs (not saying I'm big, but I've started varsity at offensive line for a few years now), and just finished my senior year of football, but she took me down in one hit. 

Apparently I was a murderer for a fraction of a second in the pitch black and paid the ultimate price. I'm proud of her for being able to throw out a good punch if she had to :) 

TL;DR: Girlfriend is Ronda Rousey and I saw stars, will have black eye tomorrow. 

Edit: Turns out she is actually Holly Holm, much more accurate! Thank you all for responding! Glad I could make someone laugh, I can't wait to have to explain this eye to anyone who asks. 

Edit 2: Grammar

Edit 3: Huge thanks to the people who aren't trying to give me relationship advice. While I appreciate all opinions, I assure you I am not manipulative or malicious to my girlfriend. We've dated for a few years now and have laughed about this incident more than I think the average couple would! Keep the comments coming, we're laughing pretty hard at some of them! 

Thank you for the gold!!! You the bomb 