Oh, reddit. I goofed up. Throwaway for obvious reasons. This actually happened about an hour ago. Hooray!

So, a little background. My local municipalities are renowned for being real douche canoes. I send the check for my water bill via mail, but apparently this month they didn't get it. I didn't realize until they shut my water off on Friday. I hopped online, paid the bill, and called hoping they would just head over and turn it back on. Nope. I get to wait until Monday. Hooray! 

So naturally, I can't take a shit in my house for the next few days. I long ago used the last remaining flush in the tank. I'm an amateur bodybuilder and I eat a lot of damn food. Today just happened to be my monthly break day, where I gorge myself on anything and everything I deem suitable for the king. Today it was some Chipotle, four brownies, and a BBQ chicken pizza. Now, I had all ready taken a glorious shit at the mall. I thought I was good for a while, and would just head to the gas station when I need to drop another deuce.

Fast forward to around four hours ago. I'm a bit sleepy, and my crush is going to be meeting up with me later in the evening for dinner. I decide to take a couple hour nap. I lay down and all is well. A few times I groggily recognize I'm going to need to poo soon, but I'm in the midst of sleeping and fall back into my slumber. 

Suddenly I'm shocked awake by some pangs in my stomach and bowels that can only mean one thing. The devil shits. There is no time to get to a gas station. Like a prom night mishap, this thing is coming whether I like it or not. 

I start to panic. I'm brainstorming where I can feasibly pinch off a loaf without ruining something. I'm pacing around my kitchen (I fell asleep on the couch; my living room and kitchen are joined) and I see my cat's litterbox. No. No. Yes.. no. Yes. It has to be done. There is no other way. I rip a roll of paper towels off of my counter. Just as I'm beginning to assume the position over the poor litterbox, my phone rings. It's on the counter, and I can see it's my crush. Woman.. I'm in a real bad place right now, and I'm sorry, but I can't answer the phone. 

So, here's where the real fuckup comes into play. All of my friends, relatives, and my crush know where I stash my house key outside so they can just let themselves in and hang out. I have a pretty relaxed relationship with the people I'm close too and they kind of just come and go as they please, which I'm fine with. I love company. 

Turns out my crush has decided to stop by WITH HER MOM TO SEE WHATS UP. 

I tear my shorts off, and just let it fucking rip. If I had been on a toiled seat, I would have achieved lift off. I'm spraying cat litter everywhere with a viscous, cheesy, Chipotle-y mix of swamp stew. I'm in the zone and I don't hear the door unlatch. My crush rounds the corner as I'm letting out the final grunts of victory. 

I see her and just holler 'FUCK!'

I proceed to lose my balance and fall in my shit stew. 

The house reeks. 

Her mother screams, and they both run back downstairs. 

Radio silence since..

Reddit.. I fucked up. 

Tl;dr: Don't make poo in your litterbox, no matter how dire the circumstances, kids. 

Edit: Thanks to Cyae1 for the narration! Awesome! [Narrated] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hO-2cSonDpQ&amp;index=53&amp;list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6)

Edit 2: Gilded! Damn. Looks like this is going to graduate from throwaway to main account. Thanks stranger!

UPDATE: All right guys. I read through the comments and here's what's happened thus far. I got ahold of my crush (No, I'm not twelve, it was just the best way I could think to put it. Sigh.) She texted me with a "Do I even want to know?" And I just sent her a link to this thread rather than trying to explain it. I figured that would work better, honestly. She "lol'd" and said it was fine, although that I'm a fucking weirdo and I should just let her know if I need to take a poop at her house. 10/10, would crush again. She didn't mention her mom's reaction at all.. I know her whole family pretty well though, and she's kind of a bro. So hopefully this conveniently goes away. Or knowing my luck I'll end up marrying this girl and we'll keep a litterbox for all of our children. I don't know. 

For all of you lovely people who question me just making this shit up, that's honestly fine. Pretty normal for any TIFU I guess. Please keep pointing out plot holes and maybe I can convince myself this didn't happen. 

I also am aware you can flush a toilet by pouring water into the bowl quickly, but I only had two gallons of water on hand. It honestly didn't occur to me to put it in the tank.. I  also have an English Mastiff, and he wasn't about to let me use his drinkin' water to poo with. I WAS SLEEPY AND PANICKED AND I HAD TO SHIT, OKAY? IT WASN'T MY PROUDEST MOMENT. 

I'll check back in in a few days and see what is going on and update if needed. Good night, sweet Reddit! 

Edit 3: FRONT PAGE WHAT IS LIFE