You know when you look back at something you have done and just cringe?  Yeah, well this is mine.


Me and a few mates are pretty drunk, standing in line to a club we wanted to check out.  We arrive right on peak entry time so the line was huge, like 'wrap-around-the-corner' huge..


So, naturally, when in a group with your drunk mates you tend to start playing pranks on each other, and my mate Ben did exactly that. 


Ben suggests we play a game where "we hum the tune to a song and the others have to guess what the song is called"...

Never mind that the game sounded like the most ridiculous, lame and just all-round shitty game in the world, I was pretty drunk and duly accepted my friend's challenge.  

Anyway, Ben starts to hum the tune to the 'Oompa Loompa' song in Willy Wonka - you know, the Oompa Loompa doopedy dooo! I've got another puzzle for you! Oompa Loompa Doopedy Dee! You get the picture..

Drunk me immediately recognises the song and in a blaze of triumphantly drunken glory I jump out of the line into an empty space to capture the attention of all to see.  I knew the fucking song! I had to share it with the world!


Everybody sort of pauses as I jump out of the line and turns.  WTF is this guy doing.. 


I begin to sing in a sweet sweet inebriated melody:
"OOOOMMMPAAHHHH LOOMPAAHHHH DUPEDDYY DOO!!"


Gasps.. Horror.. 
Girls whispering in loud bitching voices "what a dickhead" to their friends.
My mates are losing it. Literally crying on the floor laughing.
I of course, have no idea what is going on.. 


That was until I saw the midget standing in line, hands on hips, staring at me like I invented Ebola.


I don't quite remember what happened next.  Whether it be the alcohol or the indescribable feelings of guilt and apology I'll never know..


I did not get in the club. I had multiple macho dudes requesting to fight me on behalf of aforementioned midget.
There was zero chance of me getting laid.
I instantaneously became the "did you hear about the guy that sang the Oompa Loompa song to a midget" guy.


I woke up the next morning thinking "what happened last night?" and then "ahh yes, the whole singing the Oompa Loompa song to a midget dilemma.." Fuck. It actually happened.


To my dear little-person, wherever you are;
I. didn't. Mean. To. Do. It. 
So much shame bro.. 
Please accept my apology.


May the cringe I now will have for the rest of my life make up for the wrongs I did to you..


To Ben, I salute you.  Good job mate.  But I don't forgive. I don't forget.  And I owe it to my little midget friend to get you back when you least expect it.



TL;DR unintentionally called a midget an Oompa Loompa.


Edit: To all of those offended by the word 'midget', it was not my intention to offend. In hindsight I should have used a more appropriate word. I asked my mates what they thought on the matter, and using them as a sample population I do agree it may have come across offensive.  Again, it was not my intention to offend.

To all of those butthurt out there for me being irresponsible and drunk etc., I am trully ashamed of what I did and would not have done it if I knew there was a "little person" there.  I am writing in A TIFU after all.. I fully acknowledge that I fucked up. *Throws salt*