WARNING! YouTube link to narration at the bottom that may auto play for some people. Headphone discretion advised! 

So unusually for me, this didn't happen today. It was a couple of weeks ago.

I've been dating my GF now for about a month and a half, and everything is going great (we'll call her Jamie, since that's my generic online name for her). She's my first girlfriend and she's absolutely amazing. She puts up with me being a short, sort of awkward, red-headed theater geek like no one I could even imagine. She's a real heart stopper. That's a big part of why I feel so bad about this.

She was at my house and Dad thought it would be a great idea to go out to dinner. Sweet. He mentioned that he heard about this nice place at work that we should try.

Well we get there and it turns out to be a vegetarian/vegan place. =/ None of us are vegetarian. But the line is short and we're already here, so we decide to stay.

Good choice. I had a great plate of pasta and Jamie had some kind of Asian salad. Everyone had a great time, and it went better than expected. Yay!

We go home and hang out for a while waiting for her dad to come pick her up. He shows up outside and she gives me a hell of a kiss. She's such an awesome kisser. I get all silly every time she does. =) Then she leaves. =(

Anyway, I hop on my computer to hang out on IRC for a while, maybe browse Reddit. After a while, my mouth gets a little itchy. Whatever, just take a couple benadryl and move on. Wait, this doesn't feel right. Is this what I think it is? It is. Where did this come from.

Oh right, Jamie has an Asian salad. With a peanut dressing. 

I'm allergic to peanuts. =|

Shout for mom, check. Epipen, *thwack! Lights sirens, hospital, vomit, pass out.

I'm okay now, but Jamie felt horrible for half a week since she almost killed me. Luckily, we're over it and still dumb teenagers in love. But we need to remember she needs to brush her teeth next time.

TL;DR: Girlfriend kissed me and took my breath away.


EDIT: Wow, this has been amazing! Thanks to everyone for the supportive words and comments. I'm working right now to upvote all of you. Also, someone needs to record that song. XD

EDIT 2: WAHOOOOOO! I've been narrated by /u/Cyae1 ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdUjSdJRXTo

EDIT 3: Major feels to all of those who've shared stories about those less fortunate than I am. That's a horrible thing to have happen, and my thoughts and feeling got out to all of you. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy. 

EDIT 4: ~~Going to sleep will keep responding tomorrow. Thanks everyone again!~~ I'm a lying bundle of sticks. Someone just bought me gold and I'm not sleeping now! Thanks, and indeed it was not herpes!