Hi Reddit. Okay, so my fuck up was around an hour ago.

So, I was attending a dinner with a lot of my parents' friends. Although I recognized a lot of them, there were also a few people I did not recognize. I was sat next to an obviously pregnant woman. However, despite being pregnant I realised that she was also drinking quite a bit. And, me being the nosy person I am, was getting quite annoyed by how reckless she was being. So, as she was finishing her second glass and refilling it, I turned to her and said, "Don't you think you're being a little unacceptable?" to which she replied with a confused, "Pardon?"

And, then I started going on this rant-like lecture that went something like, "Listen, I'm sorry if this comes off as rude or all of a sudden but don't you think you should be a bit more responsible? I mean, there's a *baby* growing inside of you, shouldn't you care more about its well-being and not be drinking?"

So, this woman, who looked to be in her late 20s or so, stared at me for a few seconds, then puts down her glass. I thought she was going to apologise or something, and admit that I was right when she goes, "I'm not pregnant."

Okay, so by now practically all the blood ran to my cheeks. I realised that I made the mistake that even many great ones made and indirectly called a woman fat by assuming she was pregnant. And, honestly, I wish it ended here but *noooo*, apparently God hates me or something because in my utter embarrassment, I convinced myself that she was definitely playing some type of practical joke on me like I heard many pregnant women like to do. Because, seriously, there was **no way** this lady could *not* be pregnant. She was so skinny everywhere else, there was no way she would only be fat on her stomach. 

So what do I do? I decided I had to call her bluff, so I said a small "Yeah, right." and then, I shit you not, proceeded to place my hand on her stomach and felt around for at least a good second or two. I don't know WHAT I expected. For the baby to suddenly kick as soon as I touched her stomach to assert dominance? For there to be a truth button on her stomach or something that forced her to tell me that she's pregnant? 

Nope. Turns out she wasn't pregnant, and her stomach wasn't even fat. So, basically, she was wearing like this kinda black cocktail, really puffy dress with multiple layers that started right beneath her boobs. So, when she sat down, it like, *pushed* all that puff to the front and it created like this OPTICAL ILLUSION and made it genuinely look like she was pregnant. So, when I decide to touch her stomach, all of that collapsed and I was just kinda molesting her. 

I didn't know what to say. At this point, I knew I fucked up for good. I just squeaked out a tiny "Oh, right. So you're not." I was staring at my own hand this entire time. I didn't want to look up and face her. But get this, I was so embarrassed and frozen that I didn't even move my hand for another good second or two until *she herself* had to move so my hand was no longer laying on my stomach. The rest of the dinner was the most awkward one I had to sit through. 

TL;DR - Women's fashion designs made me accidentally molest a woman for a few seconds. Optical illusions are a bitch. 

----------------
**FPC (Frequently Posted Comments) and how I responded to them in the comments below! If you can't find it, sort by new! Thank you for taking the time to read**

