Today I Fucked Up by getting kidnapped

Here's the TL:DR - this is a humorous anecdote about the time an awful woman kidnapped me from a bar, took me 2 hours away, and I was rescued by loyal friends. It's probably worth your time, 


Okay so, like many this was not today, it was a few years ago now, but I was encouraged to share this as part of my healing process. By encouraged I mean harassed and by healing I mean harassed. Settle in, it's a long story, but it's my story. So here we go...

Sophomore year of college, last night of the fall semester, I have one final left at 8:30 the next morning. My roommate is packing up to head home for the break and I convince him to stick around and have dinner. He agreed on the condition that he would leave from the restaurant, I then revealed I was already drunk so he would have to drive there and take me back to school. We get to the bar and I promptly order a martini which I sipped once and pronounced it to be gross and ordered a drink called a "slippery banana" which included a straw, orange slice, and an announcement to the rest of the bar with a party horn and humiliation. 

My roommate calls our buddy who agrees to come down and join us. Then suddenly a group of women in their thirties walk in and take seats at the bar. We exchange glances and the most awful one, who we shall now refer to as "Slagathor" calls me over. I walk to her seat at the bar and she looks me in the eye and says "Are you gay?". I said no and she said "Well you look like a fucking queer". I said thanks and returned to the booth. 

Somewhere around this time our buddy shows up and we're drunk enough to wander back to the ladies. Flirting begins, drinks are exchanged, someone orders flaming Dr. Pepper's, I spill one on the bar creating a small fire that needed the attention of a wet bar rag, and somehow I convince these women to flash us. Now let me point out that when I said restaurant earlier, I met like an Applebee's, so as boobs are flying, a family of four is trying to enjoy their boneless wings and sliders behind us. The bartender gets pissed and we wander out of the bar. 

Now that we're outside Slagathor begins to insist on seeing my penis, I oblige because I'm a gentleman, she approves. At some point she says something about taking me back to her house because "I got a 3 month old kid and my husband just got outta jail and I aint had sex in a year". Red flag? I'm at that stage of blackout drunk where literally anything anyone says is the best idea, and according to my roommate I was very insistent on assisting Slaggy with her situation. 

We get in a truck with Slagathor on my lap and her leathery friend Slaggy Sr. driving. This is the part where I start to see flashes of events that transpired. I remember her rolling a blunt on my lap, I remember a gas station, I remember her kissing me, I remember a parking lot, and then getting in a new car.

This is where the actual "kidnapping" kicks in, because I say I want to go home and Slagathor says, and I quote, "No." We drive off into the night and I pass out.

The car slams into park, I roll out the passenger door and start puking on the side walk of a very sketchy looking neighborhood. I look up and see Slagathor, squatting IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FUCKING ROAD, taking a piss. My instincts kick in and I bolt, I'm running through yards, jumping fences, lose a flip-flop (unseasonably warm evening), and see the beautiful glow of a 7/11 sign. I run to the doors, think about it, step to the alley and throw up Bacardi 151, then crash through the doors and yell "Where the fuck am I?!" The line of patrons and the cashiers look at me like a time traveler just asked them what year it is. The cashier timidly says "...7/11". I said "No, like, what fucking city is this". She tells me, I ask how far that is from my college, she says 2 hours. 

I call my roommate in a panic, he says he's too drunk to drive, so is the rest of the school because it's the last fucking night of finals. He calls a friend who lives a half hour away and tells her I'm in trouble and they need to come get me, he then tells her I'm about 15 minutes from campus. She is a wonderful person for her actions and if this were a military operation I would submit her for a commendation. 

I begin to explain to the cashiers what had happened to me, when I feel a hand on my shoulder and the screeching wail of Slagathor, "there you are. we've been looking for you." Slaggy Sr. is there too and she takes my other arm. They walk me back to Slaggy Sr's house where they sit me down on a bench. Some guy walks over and yells at me, Slaggy starts yelling at me about getting her pills? Where the fuck am I going to get pills? I don't know any drug dealers two counties from where I live. I didn't really know any drug dealers where I lived. For some reason I remember a fucking cat coming over, I just sat there and pet the cat because it brought me comfort to see some kind of innocence again. 

After awhile I yelled to the next room that I wanted to leave and Slagathor says not until we have sex, I said I don't want to have sex, she says she'll take me home when she's done smoking her blunt, I said I was leaving, she said "go fuck yourself". 

I leave and begin to look for the 7/11 again which is somehow now very hard to find. Then I see it, I march through the doors, past the cashiers, into the stock room and sit down on a case of Pepsi and refuse to leave. They said they would help me but they needed me to come out of the stock room. Much to my dismay they call their cop "buddy" to come, I explain the story to him and he shows little sympathy and asks what I want from him. I asked him if he could take me home, he says he can take me to jail. I said I'll just wait for my friends. 

After 2 1/2 hours of insisting to our sober friend that it was "only like 15 more minutes", they finally arrive and according to them I was pressed against the glass like a puppy at a pet store, crying hysterically at the sight of her car. My ordeal was over, I took my shirt off for some reason? crawled into the back seat and cried on my friends lap the whole way home. 

I have been sober for 17 months, I know that timeline doesn't match up but I'm a slow learner.

P.S. I was late for my final. 
