So this actually happened yesterday however I'm sure most of everyone's posts are.

I should add context before i start. Most of my life i have been a hermit or a recluse if you will. Mostly just sitting in my room playing video games and not really interacting with anyone. Somehow i ended up with a SO (shocked me too!) and at this point we have been together for 4 years. I recently started working at a security company (first job woooo!) in a big fancy condo building as night guard.

Yesterday was like any other day since i started working there however when i got relieved in the morning i followed my routine. Walk to the outside of the nearby mall with the subway in it. Have a smoke and go home. Yesterday however took a creepy turn. While i was standing outside the mall this old man came up to me and started talking to me. I am used to random people talking to me when i choose to go outside so this didn't seem odd to me. The conversation ended with him asking if i wanted to get a coffee with him. I said sure why not. So we go to the nearest Tim Hortons like any good Canadian seeking coffee would and i bought my coffee. He turns to me and tells me he wanted to buy me the coffee. Again i thought nothing of it. We sit down and start talking 
and he tells me how he has a wife and kid and i talk about my girlfriend. Then i get a red flag from him. He starts talking about this bath house he goes to. I start to feel a little uncomfortable but whatever i thought must be a nice old man that likes to get clean in places other than his home. So we finish talking and I say i should be getting home because I have work that night. He decides to walk with me to the subway. 

This is where it gets creepy. As we are waking through the mall he starts to grab and squeeze my arm. There are no words to describe how uncomfortable i was. When we get to the subway he decided he was going to take the subway with me. At this point i wasn't sure what was going on but i was sure it wasn't good. When my stop came around he went for the kicker. "Do you mind if I touch you? Do you want to come to the bath house with me tomorow?" I said "No" but didn't specify what i was saying no to which i think gave him the indication that i didnt mind being touched so he goes to grab my lovely man bits.... The subway stops and i run out of there so fast that even Usain Bolt was like "Damn dude! slow that shit down". As soon as i got on my bus that takes me home I called my SO... she can't stop laughing and explains that the coffee was supposed to be some informal date... I dont know what I'm going to do if i see him again.

**TL;DR Was approached by a seemingly nice old guy, mistakenly had informal date, was molested by old man.**

**Update:** Thanks for all the support, honestly i find the situation to be pretty humorous mainly because that was the least expected thing to happen to me. I thought it was more likely someone would spontaneously combust in front of me than have some old guy touch my no no zone. My SO saw my post, was pretty angry that i didn't mention that when i told her i was being lighthearted about it. Anyway I will update again if anything significant happens. 



