Actually happened today! Throw-away acct for obv reasons.

Starters: I'm married to my Wife (henceforth referred to as Wife). We have kids. We have the okayest of marriages.

We have a friend. Let's call her Kim. Kim is one of the cutest humans on the planet, and is genuinely a beautiful individual inside and out. Also is married and has kids. I've harbored a crush on this human pretty much since we met 2 years ago. I'm not an asshole and wouldn't cheat on the mother of my children, I just have the occasional daydream where our significant others tragically die in a plane crash and we find comfort in each others arms and genitals. You know.

Also part of this is my sister, henceforth known as Maggie. Maggie is bisexual, and on several occasions, I've found out that in general, Maggie and I often will have the hots for the same celebrities. We both watched the crap out of Gilmore Girls because of Alexis Bledel (don't judge).

Anywho.. I've gotten the suspicion that Maggie also has a crush on Kim, based on things she's said to her in past events,  their interactions on social media and the kinds of comments my sister leaves on Kim's photos. It's all little things that add up, compliments that she doesn't normally give other people, a certain amount of shyness, and a general gut feeling.

Now.. the fuckup:  So after dinner I am informed that Kim's birthday party is the end of the month and it's a surprise party. My wife asks me if I think Maggie would want to go. I say offhandedly "Oh I'm sure Maggie wouldn't mind hanging out with Kim". Wife asks me for clarification, as I hadn't mentioned my above theory to her. I clarified, stating that I think my sister has a little crush on Kim.  My wife asked for further clarification, asking why I think that. Now at this point, I COULD (and should) have stated any of the things I said above, about the social media interactions, the shyness, the gut feeling etc.. However what I said was "Just the way I've seen her act around Kim. I know Maggie and I have a similar taste in girls"..  

As I say the last part, I realize the implication as soon as it leaves my mouth. I hope in the back of my brain that my wife didn't catch said implication and just proceeded to stare down the plate I was washing like I was about to duel it at high noon. 

 "..What do you mean by share 'the same taste in girls'?"  ..Oh Fuck.. So I start immediately trying to back pedal and just try to throw it off like "Oh well I'm just saying Maggie acts as certain way around Kim is all, I know my sister well enough to see the signs" etc.  However, my wife repeats "So you're saying Kim is your type?"  

I'm sweating bullets and wishing to dear heaven I could pause time and read different conversation choices ala Fallout style and determine the best one.  I go with "Just saying that I think my sister likes her. I mean she is cute but I don't know if I'd go as far as to say 'my type'. 

This led to several more long conversations about our marriage, if I find her attractive still (I do), If I'd cheat on her (I wouldn't) and so on and so on till she went to bed.  Not exactly how I envisioned spending my Friday evening..

I think we're in a good place now having talked through everything, but I would have saved myself a lot of heartache if i had just said "cuz I have a gut feeling". I can also tell the wind is a little out of her sails about going to the birthday party and I hope it doesn't get all awkward and shit (lets be honest though, my life is a sack of awkward so it was probably going to happen one way or another.)

TL;DR: I'm married and I have a crush on my friend Kim, I think my bisexual sister does too. Mentioned to my wife that I think my sister Maggie crushes on Kim because we sometimes crush on the same girls. I am dumb.

EDIT: So I just wanted to clarify that if my Wife were to somehow actually die in a tragic circumstance that my actual reaction would be pure devastation. A few readers caught the HIMYM reference here. 