My wife and I had a minor argument last night, so I figured I'd start the day on a positive note. Get some cleaning done, tidy up around the house, make everything extra nice while she relaxes. Among other things that needed cleaning, we had several sex toys (silicone dildos) that we'd neglected to attend to. Wanting to be thorough, I brought these downstairs, set them in a small pot of water to boil (element on MAX setting), and headed upstairs for a moment to call my dad and wish him well. Quick convo with my dad turns into an involved talk with mom and dad, and about 15-20 minutes later, suddenly my smoke alarm is loudly going off. Having completely forgotten about the dildo boil, I casually get up and prepare to disarm the "false alarm" taking place in my house... until a huge waft of black, inky smoke winds its way around the bedroom door. I immediately think "WHAT IN THE EVER LIVING HELL IS BURNING" and at the same time hear my wife scream "&amp;lt;MY NAME&gt; WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!". I rush downstairs into a kitchen billowing disgusting, black smoke, and see a massive pillar of flame exploding upwards out of the tiny pot, which by now has been boiling dry for probably a few minutes. Wife is panicky, trying to activate the (luckily right at hand) fire extinguisher, failing with it, hands it to me and I finally manage to blast the noxious dildo blaze with the entire contents of the extinguisher.

Set the scene for you... Entire house is blanketed in a disgusting, probably highly toxic smog of burnt silicone, with tiny pieces of chemical ash over everything in the kitchen... I put on two surgical masks and run upstairs to open the windows -- dumb move in retrospect, could've passed out up there and totally died -- but at least this averts everything in our upstairs being ruined by dildo smog.

TL;DR: Tried to "helpfully clean" by sanitizing some sex toys; turned them into a roaring hellish blaze spewing chemical toxins. 

UPDATE 1: Placed on my back porch the charred remains of the two dildos and partially melted saucepan (which, by the way, appears to have thrown T-1000-like liquified metal over various parts of the kitchen when I extinguished it). Probably a squirrel picked one of these barely recognizable sex toys and moved it a few feet, at which point it discarded it. Not the tastiest thing they've ever tasted I'm sure...

UPDATE 2: WOWzers. 2500+ upvotes. Thanks Redditors! Glad something positive came out of the Dildolation of Smog.

UPDATE 3: Unreal! Story retold via "The Men's Room" at 5pm on Jan 6th, 99.9 KISW FM Seattle!

UPDATE 4: Ummm... apparently a lot of people enjoyed this story, because it's since been featured on Vice, Jezebel, and BroBible among others, as well as various radio stations across the US and Canada.