Edit: For those interested, I got 44 PMs in the past 24 hours. A lot were really weird and rude, but most were pretty nice people who just want to see me naked. We shall see.

I am a freshman at [Big State University] and decided that since this is the first time I'm going to live on my own, I should buy a celebratory dildo. I've wanted a dildo for a few years but my parents are uber religious and conservative and with my mom snooping through my stuff at home, there was no way I could have hidden it when I was in high school. I moved into the dorms a few days ago and ordered this (http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31KUKg72ayL.jpg) last night. 

I have an amazon account and my dad has an amazon account. Unfortunately, because I set both of them up (my dad is pretty computer illiterate), they both say, "Hello Katie" at the top of the page when you log in. When buying the dildo, I didn't bother to check that it was my account before I made the purchase. I guess my dad was using my laptop before I left for school. After dinner yesterday, I got a call from my parents.

Let me set the scene. I'm on my futon when I get the call. "Hey mom and dad, whats up?" My extremely conservative, three times a week church going parents, are on their speaker phone. "Katie, we just got an email from Amazon confirming your hundred dollar sex toy." My stomach dropped right out through my asshole. This was inconceivable. There was this horrible silence on the line as I was trying to process what was happening. I kinda rationalized that I was going to get yelled, so I squeaked out "I'm sorry."

What followed was not a yelling or shouting. I wish my parents had been mad at me. Instead of being yelled at, I experienced a half hour of my parents talking about the benefits of masturbation and why it is healthy and how they started masturbating and how they like to do it now. Since I'm interested in exploring my body, they said I can come to them any time for help or advice. 

I don't want to sound ungrateful. I'm glad my parents were cool with the dildo. The fuck up was when I got to find out in explicit detail how my parents masturbate. 



Final Update: I bought a dildo, my parents found out because it was on their account, and they called me about it. We had a really awkward conversation where they said it was ok to masturbate and some people like to watch porn when they do it but you need to be safe with which sites you visit or you'll get a computer virus. I was flooded with PMs stating that my parents wanted to have sex with me, they must be in a cuckolding relationship, etc. It was fucked up. I was a little mad, but I remember that this is the internet. People are weird on the internet, so I played along. I'm not going to have sex with my parents; my dad doesn't want me to have random sex with black dudes. The edit and updates were generally invented as a screw you to the weirdos who PMed me. The comments have been spectacularly hilarious. 