The second part of the fuck up did actually happen today and I still have that sick feeling of embarrassment in the pit of my stomach. 

Little background on the situation, im a first year in University and last year when I was applying and getting interviews for various uni's. I went for an interview at St Andrews University and met this really nice girl on it. She was also hot as hell like at least a 8/10 on a bad day. 

As per usual on these interview days you find a group and stick with it for the day, this girl and I made the same friends and so we spent the day together talking about nerves etc we just generally really hit it off. Important to note at this point I had an unconditional for another university but wanted the interview experience anyway hence my attendance at St Andrews.  

Cue the end of the day and me and this girl walk to our cars, hug and say goodbye, just as I turn around and go to walk away she says: 
"Wait do you want my number, you know so we can like study or whatever if we end up on this course" 
Me: "Nah im not gonna be on this course anyway I already got my unconditional" 
Her " Oh ok... bye then" 

And thats it I head on my way thinking nothing of it, get in my car and drive home. Its only later when I am talking to a friend about the events of the day it hits me. FUCK. I cant believe how monumentally retarded I was, I had a shot, she was amazing and I blew it. 

Summer comes and goes and I forget about the whole ordeal, until this semester. I show up for my History tutorial, in a uni at the other side of the country and who is sitting there but the stunning blonde who I shot down without a second thought.  

Commence the search on Facebook to determine her relationship status. Helpfully (or not) she doesnt have Facebook so I'm shooting in the dark here.

Long story short it takes a while for me to work out the courage to ask her out and on the last day, with little chance of seeing her again, as I will not be continuing with history, I finally do so. 

Me "Yo, so do you like want to go for drinks sometime or something?" 
Her "Just me and you?" 
Me "Yeah"
Her "Oh I have a boy friend now" 
Me: System error "ah fuck, I mean shit, I mean oh sorry I didn't realize, I'll see you later then... wait no I mean I wont but i'll talk to you late... wait no. Yeah OK im going to leave now goodbye." 

And thats when I walk away face getting redder by the second. 

TL;DR I'm oblivious as fuck, the universe throws me a second chance but im to late and then insert Ralph Wiggum levels of English from there on in. "Me fail English that Unpossible" 

Edit: Still cant English specifically with the words "shot" and "short"