Not using a throwaway because, fuck it...

pics http://imgur.com/a/Mq0p9

I've lived in europe for the last three years and haven't been to one of my favorite stores ever since I moved. Well one week into being in the states I'm walking through target holding a basket by the holes on the side rather than the handle. (Imagine the basket as a comically oversized set of novelty brass knucks).

I try to slip my fingers out of the holes to grab something off a shelf and they wont come out.  Eventually I get my pointer and ring finger out but my middle finger is still stuck. So my wife goes and gets a cart not really believing me that my hand is stuck and I walk around trying to nonchalantly get my finger out of the basket, which is now sitting in the cart. My wife gets me some sampler lotion from the makeup section and puts it on my finger. Still won't budge. I get another idea and we go over to the travel-sized toiletry section and we pop open a small pack of baby oil. My finger is good and oiled by it still will not come out. At this point my finger is starting to turn blue and fat from constantly struggling to get out.

At this point I'm starting to give up on the idea of escaping this finger trap silently and I get the attention of a passing loss prevention officer. I go over all the things I tried and he suggets using some vaseline. So he's over here being a real bro and slathering my finger with vaseline. If I didn't need his help so badly I would have closed my eyes and licked my lips while he was rubbing vaseline up and down my finger to be funny...

Anyway my finger still will not come loose.  So he tries to get a manager on the radio and it takes a long time for him to get to us. In the meantime people are starting to notice what's going on with me and yeah, people are openly laughing.

The manager finally shows up and suggests we call the fire department, I was really hoping it wouldn't come to this but it did. I ask if there's somewhere I can sit where I wont be such a spectacle and I get seated between the starbucks area and pharmacy and sit on a bench trying my best to pretend I'm just holding the basket when people walk by.

Eventually the fire department arrives and they have to use medical scissors to cut all the rings around my finger to get me loose. They then cut one line through the ring my finger is in and I'm able to pull the whole thing apart with my hand.

My finger hurts and I love Target so I'm going to have to face these people who know what a stupid man-child I am constantly.

TL;DR  Local 27 year old man gets finger stuck in target basket, has to be cut out by fire dept.

