There's a girl from my high school who I am very good friends with, and was pretty cute in my opinion. We both had a passion for soccer and also had a few classes together. Naturally, as we began to hang out more and more throughout the year, I began to like her very much. 

Fast forward to the end of the year. Our school had a last chance dance and we both went. We danced together for the night and overall had a great time. When it finally ended (unfortunately), we began talking outside near her car in the parking lot. 

It was just small talk, mainly unconscious yelling due to the extremely loud music, and eventually we began to talk about how great the last chance dance was. I told her that she wasn't too bad at dancing, and then she replied with "Oh, you don't even know". Obviously, I asked her what she meant, and she said "Don't worry about it". Changing the subject, she then proceeded to tell me about how she got new seats in her car and was wondering if I wanted to help "break them in(;".

Not sure what I was thinking for this next part. This hint went completely over my head, and I GAVE HER A HIGH FIVE. WHAT. THE. FUCK. A HIGH FIVE. 

She then smiled a little disappointedly (another detail I failed to notice), gave me a hug, said our goodbyes, and then got in her car and left. As her car disappeared, it hit me. I just cockblocked myself.

TL;DR My crush asked to have fun in her back seat after a school dance, and I gave her a high five. 

UPDATE: I called her up and asked her to get coffee and maybe go to a local scenic spot in my area. Keep in mind, this spot is infamous for hooking up and such because of its emptiness and scenic views. So, I picked her up, and we soon hit it off just like before. It got pretty late and we were just chilling at the parking lot and the topic came toward the last time we saw each other (the time where I cockblocked myself like a handicapped retard). 

Utilizing a technique I picked up from r/seduction, I cut her off during her sentence by saying "Wait." and then I kissed her. Things began to escalate, and I'll keep the details to myself. Afterwards, she told me, with a smile, that I was an asshole for not fixing the problem earlier. 

Thanks guys and r/seduction coming in clutch! Never again, I promise! Just kidding, knowing me, it'll probably happen next time. 