Just to give some backstory before my big fuck up.. I had organized my first date with this girl I had been talking to for quite some time. The plan was to cook and invite her for dinner and afterwards take her to see one of our mutual, favorite bands. But before the date, after checking my genital area, I decided it'd be smart to make sure they'd be presentable in case anything were to happen afterwards. So I sat over the toilet, grabbed some trimmers, and went off on my bush like I was Edward Scissorhands or some shit. At the end of the cut there was a mound of pubes sitting neatly in the toilet. I pulled on the flusher, closed the toilet lid, and jumped in the shower to clean myself off and get ready for her to come over. 
Half an hour later she enters, we exchange greetings, and the dates off. Date goes *perfectly* and we click *immediately*. Midway through the dinner she asks if she could use the bathroom and I kindly point it out to her. "Down the hall, on the left." However, once she stepped out of the bathroom, something changed. It suddenly became harder to keep a conversation, she seemed increasingly uncomfortable, and a sense of awkwardness hung over the rest of the meal.
Confused at what happened, I excuse myself from the table and head to use the bathroom. When I lift the toilet seat, lo and behold, sitting right dab in the middle of the toilet bowl, I'm greeted by that neat pile of pubes I had cut earlier. Of all the nights, my toilet decided it'd be best to break on the night of my date with a girl I had been pursuing for weeks. I head back to the table, get on with the rest of the date, and never bring up a word of that clump. Fml.

tldr; Trimmed my pubes over the toilet, toilet broke, date was met with a pleasant surprise. 

EDIT: Can't believe this blew up overnight and I'm glad you guys are enjoying this TIFU. This is my first reddit post so I've been leaving replies to the comments to give an update on the rest of the night but it seems like it just gets lost so I'll leave it here. 
Rest of the night went a lot better than I had expected. We had a couple drinks over the course of the night which leveled out the mood. On her way out we kissed and she was off. We're still talking today, so if any of you guys are having trouble keeping a girl interested, the secret might be to just leave some pubes in the toilet. 

EDIT: Wow.. to the kind stranger who sent a gold my way, thank you! May toilet pubes always be absent (or present, depending on your preference) in your life. 