I work from home and sometimes after long hours of sitting on a chair in-front of my desktop, I feel sore. One of the many ways I found to compensate from all the soreness is to squat sit on my chair and continue working. When you squat sit, you can support your elbows with your knees and I find it stretches my lower back too so I like it. Also one of the things that happens when you squat sit is that your butt-hole is exposed to more free space around it as compared to when the chair's cushion is holding it shut. See.. when you fart sitting on a chair, it takes a while for the gas to travel up to your nose. But if you fart while sitting in a squatted position, it takes less than a second sometimes for it to travel to your nose.

About an hour ago, I came back from a heavy sushi lunch. I came back and decided to sit in squatted position on my chair to start working because I was feeling heavy. I had to sneeze and so I did. The first sneeze was not a big sneeze. It was a tiny little quarter of a sneeze. Much like the kicking sound of an old car when you try to start it before the actual "vrooommmm.." After the first sneeze - the second one started gaining its momentum. The second one was about to be one of those soul-satisfying sneezes where you take few seconds to slowly suck the air deep in and then sneeze with all the force available in the universe. Right after the first tiny sneeze, I might have farted. Okay, now I know for a fact that I did. But at the time I wasn't sure. So when the second sneeze was in its initial phase of taking in a deep breath, I felt the taste of the fart in the back of my throat and the bottom of my lungs. Gag reflex kicked in and a pressurized regurgitation started travelling up from my inside. By the time I was about to sneeze - the undigested sushi mucous and rice was right in my throat. And I finally sneezed out a hand full of puke some of which got on my keyboard and the monitor. And some of it went in my nasals and up in my head.

TL;DR - Smelled my fart and sneezed out puke. I can taste the sushi in my skull now.