Some vital background information; This happened about a year ago now. I was 17 and my boyfriend was 18. He lived with his mom, and at the time she was in the process of moving back in with her husband whom she had been separated from. Most of the furniture was out of the old house, and nobody had any real reason to go there anymore, so it didn't take long for a couple of horny teenagers to realize this was a GREAT spot to have sex and not get caught. 

My boyfriend (we'll call him Dan) and I had been on a road trip that day to the mountains of NC where we had gone tubing and swimming. We headed home and a few minutes of road-head later we decided we would stop by the empty house and have some "fun" time. We pulled into the garage and before the garage door had even shut we were both completely naked  and making out in the front seat of his car. 

Dan pulled on his boxers and we decided we'd move our extravaganza into the house. This is my real tifu moment; I decided I wouldn't bring any clothes into the house with me. I was already naked and besides, no one would be stopping by. At this point it's vital to know a little bit about Dan's bedroom. It was built on to the side of the house a few years earlier and includes a side door that opens onto a little deck. The only furniture left in his room consisted of a bed frame and mattress(no sheets, covers, or blankets of any kind) and an entertainment center. 

So we continue our fun on the bed, him finishing pretty quickly and as I'm just reaching the brink we hear the most heart-stopping, awful noise. The "beep-beep-beep" of the house's alarm system that is warning us that someone has just walked in the front door. We both freeze, not knowing what else to do. Had there been blankets, we would have quickly covered with them. Had we had clothes, we would have quickly dressed. But we had neither of these luxuries and in our realization of the audacity of the situation, we could only lay there and think about how fucked we were. I'm pretty sure at this point my life flashed before my eyes.

There was a whole 15-20 seconds before the silence was broken by a shrill "DAAANNNN??" and a set of angry footsteps marching to the door of his room. My coma was finally broken by the realization that if I didn't get off my ass and do something right this second, Dan's mother was going to see a side of me she would probably rather not. 

I did the only thing I could do; I ran out the side door and onto the deck completely naked. It was probably around 5 p.m. and I could hear the laughter of neighborhood children and the sound of a lawn mower in the distance as I crouched on the floor of the deck completely naked, praying to whatever god there was that nobody would see me. It felt like an eternity, but in reality about 2 minutes later I hear the door behind me creak open. I was too scared to move, or talk, or do anything at all. The sound of Dan's voice broke the silence with two words I will never forget. "She knows."

It turns out, Dan's mom was so furious that the two of us were "taking advantage" of her and the empty house that she completely forgot that she had come to pick up some silverware she had left in a drawer and stormed off to her car and drove away. Dan and I walked to the car and dressed in uncomfortable silence. He took me home and stayed at his dad's house that night. 

As luck would have it, the very next evening was Dan's graduation dinner and I was seated directly across from Dan's mother. She didn't say a word about the incident and continued to laugh and talk with me like nothing ever happened. A year later, Dan and I are still together and that horrendous day still hasn't been brought up. I'm hoping it stays this way..at least until our wedding, if we ever make it that far. Dan and I joke around about that day..but never too much. That wound is still too fresh; it's still too soon. I think it always will be.



Edit-
Tl;dr: My boyfriend and I decided to have some sexy time in his mom's partially empty house, left our clothes out in the car, mom comes home, I run outside bare-ass naked. It has never been mentioned again