So this fuck up actually did happen just a few hours ago. It was the end of the work day. My work partner and I had tiled a kitchen backsplash today. Then between 4:30pm and 5pm, as it was getting dark, we had to load up slabs of granite into the back of my bosses truck. They were granite counter tops that we had taken out 2 days ago, and left them outside until today when we were taking them away. Anywho, we're lifting the granite into the back of the truck. Laying them flat. Granite on top of granite. Well, I'm in front, my partner is in back pushing them in. Last big piece of granite. We get about half of it laying down inside the truck bed. I still have my hand there on the front edge of the piece. Before I could move my hand away for him to push the piece further into the truck, he goes ahead and pushes it. Queue my hand getting pushed forward with the granite. Proceeds to slice off the tip of my finger as it catches the piece underneath the one we're sliding. So, fingertip is now gone to halfway down my fingernail. Trip to the emergency room. Bandaged up. Given scripts for anti-bi's and Percs. Now I'm dead-freakin-tired. Ready for bed. Nite ya'll......

Pics for evidence. (Warning: Missing bloody finger tip.)

[Bloody missing tip](https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5675/23038966503_009a4ed8cb_k.jpg)


[Wrapped up](https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5826/23298090119_3d3ff2ebb4_k.jpg)


*EDIT*

Thanks for the replies guys. I didn't really think I would get half the comments you all have made. 

So it's the morning after. I woke up around 2:30am from the pain from my finger, but took a Perc. Was able to fall back asleep after 15 mintues. The pieces of granite that did the slicing were actually two halves of a single counter top. With a cut out for the sink at the ends. The first half was in the truck, with the sink cut out facing towards the back, overhanging the truck bed gate. The one we were moving into the truck, was going the opposite way. So when my buddy pushed, my finger was in the sink cutout area. It's actually a pretty clean slice . They took x-rays, and none of the bone tip is really damaged. But there is just a very slight fracture, maybe just a couple millimeters, but nothing to really worry about. I'm not doing workman's comp. I'm technically self employed, but my boss offered to take care of the hospital bill. But hey, shit happens. Just gotta suck it up and keep on working my fingers to the bone. 

Anyone else got any tips? Just a tip? You know, just to see how it feels? 

*EDIT 2*

TL;DR, because robo-bot tells me to put this in my post. 


