So last night I was incredibly tired but I had a dilemma. I was really craving some gummy bears. So I decided to go buy some. And i told myself that as soon as I got home I was going to eat my gummies in bed and go straight to sleep. 

Before I go on I should say that I have this habit of whenever I get home in my room I always throw my wallet in the air and see if I can make it land directly this small tray on my dresser. And I've gotten pretty accurate to! Its not the most normal habit to have i know, but it's not dangerous. Nothing's close to my night stand that I could damage and my throw is always reasonably accurate. Its just turned into a challenge for me. The higher I can throw it, the better. 

Anyway, so I came home and tossed the bag of gummies and my phone onto my bed and tossed my wallet at the tray. Only...I didn't. *I tossed my wallet on bed and chucked my gummy bears and phone at my tray.* I was soooo tired  that after seeing myself toss the wallet on the bed, my body still proceeded to masuchwo more throws for my gummy bears and phone across the room Because the weight of the items is different they landed no where close to my tray. The bag of gummies just kinda glided and  hit my girlfriend (who was sitting at my desk) on the head.  The phone hit my TV square in the middle with a good amount of force and then bounced off the dresser and onto the hardwood face first. My TV wobbled after being hit (so I recently moved and lost 3 of the 4 screws from the TV that held it to the base. So the TV was already wobbly and my phone hitting it was enough force to cause chaos) and fell off the dresser, onto the hardwood right on top of my phone. But it gets worse. As it was falling and the power cord yanked out of the wall, it tripped u a bottle of lemonade that I had which immediately overturned and soiled my PS4. My gf (who had gotten up in fright from all the chaos) just looked at me with big wide eyes. I stood their, trying to process what happened. Fortunately I had accidental insurance on my ps4 but My TV and phone are both ruined.
I guess the moral of this story is never buy a bag of gummy bears at 1 in the morning, come home and throw your wallet across your room onto a small tray.

TL;DR was super tired and accidentally thew my gummy bears and phone across my room which in turn destroyed phone ps4 and tv


EDIT: okay so a couple of things I wanted to address. 
First off, I think its really stupid how many people are downvoting calling me Karma whore etc. Check my post history. This is a throwaway. If I cared so much about "internet points," wouldn't I have posted this from a main account? It just doesn't make sense to me that so many people are ready to call out me, this sub etc just because the believe a post is fake. Telling me that I must have a camera in this day and age just because everyone else does. I don't frequent this sub, but this is all just kinda of insane to me. Anyway I was not gonna do anything but just to shut everyone up, I will post pictures. My dad is coming over to take a look at my stuff and he has a camera. So when he comes I will take pics. I'll describe physical state of things for now. 


Phone is completely shattered. TV has what my gf calls "spiders" because that's pretty much what they look like. They are large star looking cracks that cover the screen when it is turned on. My TV still turns on but you can't see anything out of it due to all the cracks. And lastly my ps4 doesn't look to different but it now only turn on in safe mode which doesn't allow you to do anything really. I will take a pic of everything. I also will take a pic of my teeth because everyone's interested in me eating gummy bears and going right to sleep lol.


I PROMISE I WAS NOT HIGH.  Lol I don't even smoke. Is it so weird that a grown man has a craving for gummy bears at in the middle of the night?


And lastly the reason my ps4 is insured and not the rest of my devices is because I purchased the insurance on the playstaton store, directly from Sony because it was cheap and in my face. I think it was 2 years accidental protection for 60$ or such




