So this happened like half an hour ago...
My husband and I have been having some problems with our marriage recently, and so we have both been eager to find new ways to spice up our love life. To give a little context, I have an extreme anal fetish and I've always fantasized about someone pooping in my mouth...gross, I know, but essential to the story.

We start talking about ways we can make this happen. We figure if we use an enema to clean him out, we could melt down a candy bar, shape it like a turd, uhm...*-cough-* insert it inside of him, and then proceed with the fantasy.

Everything was going fine...until he couldn't get it out. No matter how much he tried, the candy bar "turd" wasn't moving. I started getting worried that I was going to have to take my husband to the emergency room with a candy bar shoved up his ass. Could you imagine explaining that to people?

As I'm contemplating what I'm going to say to the EMTs, liquid chocolate mixed with the lube we used squirts out of his ass. He was squatting over me at the time, and so the liquid goes into my eye and starts to sting. I'm pinned underneath him, trying to push him off, screaming for him to stop while he's bent over the towels we layed down, chocolate ass juice gushing out from him. Finally, the candy bar "turd" fired out of his ass like a torpedo and landed with a disappointing thunk on the floor.

We stared at it for a moment, contemplating our failure. Contemplating what lengths the human species will go to when they are horny. Then we both ran into the bathroom. I showered while he sat on the toilet trying to get the rest of it out. He's in there now as I write this....we both feel weird, but the whole thing was hilarious in hindsight and oddly enough it brought us closer, so mission accomplished?

TL;DR Shoved a candy bar up my husband's ass. Neither of us were ready for the results.

Edit: Omg our first Reddit gold! Thank you so much, I'm glad we could brighten people's day a little with our horrible fuck up haha. 

Husband: Thanks so much! to answer a few questions: Yes, its real. All too regrettably real... It hurt, no my poop this morning did not smell like caramel, and no I would not like a Baby Ruth right now. My only regret is that I can't ever tell anyone that my wife and I hit the front page...