So, not today but today is my first post on reddit! So hello! 
Anyways, I was just in the Dominican Republic, wife couldn't come cause of work and I had a voucher that was about to expire. So I went by myself.
I've travelled all over the world and have always stayed in the cheap areas. So, I was in Sousa found a hostel and unpacked, had a swim, then like all of us do, I went to a beach bar at about 10pm. I sat down ordered a martini or some girly thing and then a few Min's later a very attractive black girl came and sat down beside me, she started chatting all sexy like and offered me a beer. I declined because I already had a drink but she continued to insist and eventually ordered one for me and one for her. I thought, OK whatever I will drink a beer. So reddit, you know those knapkins they put on the top of the beer? Ya well she reached over and said "let me get that for you" and started wipeing the top of my beer. Instantly I was like oh shit, she is somehow putting drugs in my drink isn't she.... After she did that, we cheers and I bring the beer to my lips  it's way fizzier than normal so in the same motion I spit it back in the bottle. She kept on looking over her shoulder and I realized she was making eye contact with about 5 big murdery looking guys I put everything together and realized she and her friends were going to rob, kidnap or worse, kill me. I got nervous... Like my whole body was vibrating.... -She looked at them again- I realized I had about 2 seconds to do something while she was looking over at them so, I reached for her beer and switched mine with hers. We continue talking, my voice is shaky, she and I drink. She gets about 4 sips in before she looks at me with emptiness in her eyes, she is wasted and was slurring her words.... It was drugs! She kept trying to pull me to the back where the bathroom was (where they were prob going to get me) she promised blow jobs and sex. I kept saying no I have to go, I pulled away from her and I noticed the guys were no longer there and a cop had pulled up. I speed walked back to my hostel and my heart felt like it was going to burst like a fruit gusher. I got to my hostel and flew out on the next flight.. Don't accept a drink from a hot chick on the sands of the Dominican.

