Before I start this story I should mention that a) both of us have a solid sense of humor, and b) I had my revenge in 24 hours.

I work in a very large building with a lot of different companies and a small restaurant area on the top two floors.

My girlfriend stopped by to visit me on my lunch break, and while we're eating lunch on the top floor, she tells me that her brother's girlfriend convinced her brother to do something by crying in front of him. I made an offhand comment about how I didn’t see how that would make much of a difference and said (in a very superior tone) it definitely wouldn’t work on me. 

My girlfriend asserted that she could totally convince me to do something by crying. I disagreed, saying that because my girlfriend is definitely not the kind of person who cries very often, any attempt to manipulate me through tears would be very obvious and therefore ineffective. I also told her that she probably couldn't pull it off anyway, since she was such an infrequent crier. 

You can probably figure out the rest of the story.

The conversation moved on to other topics, and I had already forgotten about our discussion by the time we go to get in the elevator.

We get in the elevator with three older businessmen and an older grandma-ish woman. Just as the doors close, she starts sobbing out of the fucking blue. 

I announce loudly that the fake tears aren’t going to work on me. It turns out this is a really great way to draw attention to the crying girl in the elevator, and make me look like a massive asshole.

The grandma-ish woman asks if she's alright, and she goes, "I'm fine, I just had a fight with my boyfriend." And then my GF turns to me and say, "You didn't mean it, did you? I promise I'll ask your permission first next time."

I’m trying to make her break character, so I go “I’m sorry, do I know you?” I swear to God, I almost screwed her up, she half-giggled but turned it into a weird sobbing noise and goes “Do you see how he treats me!” 

I swear to god, if looks could kill.

The three guys were getting off at the 10th floor, so the doors open on 10 and one of them gives me a last look (like he'd like to take me behind the building and beat me to a pulp) before leaving the elevator. Grandma-ish woman is still watching us suspiciously. 

I finally lean over and tell her she won and to cut it out. My girlfriend makes a miraculous recovery, and a few other people enter and exit the elevator without incident. Grandmaish woman tells her to "take care of herself" before leaving.

TL;DR: Goaded my girlfriend into making me look like an abusive asshole to prove a point. 