From a few months ago - I figured I"d submit a post that wasn't sex related.


So I was managing a restaurant a few months ago. For those of you who have never worked in a restaurant, the majority of them are Spanish speaking in the kitchen. My other managers all speak spanish fluently, but since I"m a stupid gringo who studied French in high school, I usually have to communicate with my expo. His job is to make sure that your burger, your GF's salad, and your father-in-law's steak all arrive at the table at the same time. Here's the problem.

My Chef's name is GUSTAVO - but his nickname is PAPO

My Expo's name is JUAN - but he prefers to be called FRANK

My Dishwasher's name is Luis, but I have 5 other Luis's in my place, so we call him COLOMBIA (cause, you know, he's from COLOMBIA)

I have a new server tonight. His name is RAPHAEL.


I"m noticing a lot of items sent back to the kitchen tonight. Burger's not cooked correctly, or without cheese, salads that hadn't been fired as appetizers, cocktails not ordered correctly, etc etc.

So I go up to my expo Frank (A.K.A. Juan) and ask him what's going on?!

"It's Pendejo's fault!"

"Pendejo?" I respond? "What the fuck are you talking about!?"

"Him!" He points to Raphael " You know, Pendejo!"

At this point I assume that Raphael's nick-name is Pendejo.

Since I'm not an asshole I approach Pendejo and let him know that he's been sending a lot of mistakes to the kitchen. It's okay, but we need to fix the things he's doing wrong. So I begin to shadow him at his tables. "Pendejo, please make sure they get a steak-knife" or "pendejo please make sure we refill their water" or "pendejo plug their order in so i can check it."

Anyway, three days later he no-shows for his shift. I call up my other manager who does scheduling and he says "Yeah man, raphael said you were an asshole and that he didn't wanna work with you."

So I go to my bar - I sit down and talk to my bartender (who's peruvian) about "What does Pendejo mean"


**Apparently Pendejo translates as "pubic hair", but really means "dumbass" or "idiot" or "retard"**

So the next day I come up to my expo and ask him Why he let me call this poor bastard Pendejo for three days without correcting me.

"I'm sorry man, it was just too funny."

IN retrospect, I probably would've done the same thing.