I have been playing a subtle and what I thought harmless prank on one of my co-workers for the last four and a half years. 

This guy, let's give him a fake name of Reginald, is a bit of an oddball, but a good dude. He is very quiet and polite, kind of keeps to himself, but sometimes comes up with random and hilarious one-liners out of nowhere. I like him. 

About four and a half years ago I did this prank for the first time. He always has a post-it note pad on his desk. I turned to a post-it note a few pages (is 'pages' the right word?) back and wrote the word "Fart!" on the post-it. A few days later he got to that post-it note, saw the word, stared at it for a few seconds, and said out loud to himself "...What!?" He then quickly removed that post-it, ripped it into three pieces, and threw it in the trash.

So, I have done this about once every two weeks for the last four and a half years. I can't even count how many times I have done. But literally every single time I see him find the post-it he does the EXACT same thing. In the same exact tone of voice, to himself, he says "...What!?" And then every single time he always rips it into THREE pieces and throws it away.

Nobody else has ever seen the post-it. He has never told anyone, as far as I know. He just, every time, almost as if he is seeing it the first time, says "...What!?" and rips it into three pieces.

I kind of became obsessed with this. I just waned to see if he'd ever do something different.

Well, today, he did. I saw him write a post-it note, pull it off the pad, and thereby revealed the post-it I'd written "Fart!" on. 

This time, it was different. He stared at it in silence for a solid five minutes. Suddenly, he SHOUTED. This crazy primal roar sort of a shout. He picked up his computer monitor and slammed it into the floor. He held up the post-it note pad and screamed "WHO IS DOING THIS!?!" 

Everyone stared at him in shock, myself included. Nobody said a word. After a moment he ran out of the office.

I am mortified and full of shame. I thought it was a harmless prank but apparently it had been really bothering him for the past few years and he just snapped. 

I want to apologize in person, but I won't, because I refuse to take responsibility. I don't want people to think negatively of me. I think I will apologize anonymously, and explain I meant no harm. I feel terrible.