We have the antichrist as a neighbor. She has called child services on this perfectly nice family multiple times. She complains to my cousin about letting his mentally handicapped child play outside. Any toy that the neighborhood kids loose in her yard is gone forever, and no, she doesn't have a fence. She gets off of her porch and comes down into her yard and takes the toys and breaks them. She truly harasses our entire neighborhood. 

A few weeks ago, some of the teenagers in our suburb blew up her mailbox with what I assume was a rudimentary IED. They did a damn good job of it, because there was nothing left of it the next day, and nobody really heard a loud bang. The mailbox was just scattered in every direction and partially melted. 

After this happened, she freaked out more than usual. She decided that she needed better visibility in her yard to "see the evil ones", so she cut down every tree in her yard. She calls everyone in a fairly large neighborhood every day to ask if they terrorized her yard. She's flipped so much that most parents won't even let their kids outside of their house, let alone walk to their friends houses. 

One of her recent decisions was to put custom "No Parking" signs in front of her house. She claims it's illegal to park in front of mailboxes, and threatens to call her son, who is a dick of a cop and will try to find some sort of violation on your part. This would have been no big deal, except for the fact that I live in an apartment across the street, and I literally have no driveway, and it's only legal to park on her side of the street. 

The other night, it was really late, and since all other spots were taken, I parked with my bumper in her no parking zone. I woke up the next morning to a call from my cousin, and he said that I was getting a ticket. I rush outside to see her son walking away from my car, with a ticket on the windshield. I was 2 inches farther out than I was supposed to be. 2 freaking inches.

 Instead of fighting the ticket, it was only 20 bucks, I decided that two could play at her game. Someone, not saying it was me, bought around 40 matchbox cars. One day after she left to go to her weekly exorcism er church service,  someone, again, not necessarily me, glued all of these toy cars in front of her house in her no parking zone. Whoever it was used the good glue too, not some cheap adhesive that would come up easily. 

She came home, and thought these were some happy little 10 year old's toy cars, so she went outside with a garbage bag to throw them all out. Watching her try and try to pick them up was one of the most satisfying things I have ever seen, even if it did only last 5 minutes. She called her son, who took a shovel to them, and did a number to the road getting them up. The big homeschooled family in our neighborhood all went outside to watch from the safety of their porch. One of the kids actually taped her screaming at her son to get them up. I hope to get that video soon. They went inside after she started screaming at them. 

After the damage had been done to her road, she tried to deduce who would do such a thing to her. Eventually, she decided that I did it, since she had been nastiest to me lately. She began by posting "police notices" on my door that said "we know you did it" and "you are guilty". She went as far as to make a fake court notice. And yes, it was fake, I checked.

 My boss gave us today off because we reached our monthly quota really early and she's awesome like that, so I planned on spending the day relaxing, catching up on some Grand Theft Auto. Crazy Lady saw my car in my cousin's driveway (I've been parking their for safety) and decide that today was the day she was going to act. She walked over to my apartment's door with a lawn chair, and sat down in front of it. She called me multiple times to explain that she knew it was me, and that I wasn't allowed to leave my house until I confessed. Normally this wouldn't phase me, but despite her age, satan flows though this woman and she is very capable of inflicting harm upon me. I would call the police, but I'm worried her son would respond and not do a thing about it. My floor is the second floor, so jumping out would be a conceivable option, but I'm in a sling right now because of a skateboarding accident. 

So I'm stuck in my apartment with no escape, being tormented with phone calls by my psychotic neighbor who will not let me out. I cannot call the police, and I am out of milk. Any way I try to get this woman away from my door will result in her either suing me or pressing charges against me. I'm a prisoner in my own man cave. And that is how I fucked up.

Update: As of 8:52 pm, she has retreated back to her lair. I'm going to make sure she doesn't see me slip out, then spend the night at my cousins a few doors down. I'm then going to set up a video camera at his house and I'm recording all of my phone calls. Hopefully she repeats this behavior tomorrow.

Update: As of 9:09 pm, I am safely at my cousins house. I left the lights on so she'll think I'm home, and I'll use my phone to turn on some music in the house tomorrow. My boss gave me another day off, so I'm going to watch all day. 

Update: Who took the lids off of her garbage cans? It certainly wasn't me!! Oh well, at least our local raccoon population will eat well tonight. 

Update/edit: She appears to have gone to bed so she can be up early to make sure the neighborhood kids don't step in her yard while walking to school. I also believe that the amount of rodent activity on our street is slowly increasing. I know a lot of you have said to call the police, and I know I should. However, after discussing it with my cousin and phoning a couple more neighbors, we decided it's best just to let her go. If we call the police, they aren't really going to do anything other than tell her to stop. I'm too poor to be able to afford a lawyer or to go to court, and she's not worth that amount of effort or money. While she has cost the neighbors lots of toys and outdoor time, and me my Destiny fund, I'd rather make her life as close to hell as I can imagine as opposed to taking legal action. No punishment from our legal system would do this woman justice. 

Update: Landlord returned my call around 10:20pm, he says he's had a past of dealing with her. He's a strict Catholic and she's some sort of anabaptist, and evidently she came over and broke his statue of the Virgin Mary and his one of Saint Francis. He says she's been told not to set foot on his property again, and will deal with her when he gets home from vacation. I told him to not worry about, I hope I didn't ruin his vacation. Anyways, he'll be gone for the 5 more days, so until then, I'm going to keep pranking this lady in any fun and safe way I can.

Update: As of 6:08am, she has risen from depths of her house and is gazing at the street. Today I watch for her to retaliate. Upon her retaliation will my iron fist come down with Old Testament fury. 

Update: As of 6:45am, the kids are safely on the bus. No problems this morning. She has returned to her home where I believe she is watching the mean streets of my suburb from her bedroom window. I have a camera ready in case she emerges from the depths. 

Update: 8:06am, my cousin leaves for work around 9, so I'm leaving to go get breakfast for him and his wife for letting me crash at their place. Upon my return, I will take some pictures of her latest "No Parking" Sign, create an Imgur account, and post them. Just as a pre warning, I will be taking these photos from some distance. I will snap until I get one that can be read. I apologize now for the potato quality to come. 

Edits from reading the comments: Thanks for the tips guys!! I read the local parking laws and checked to make sure what she did was illegal with the parking signs. Needless to say, many of you have great ideas for harmless comedic revenge. I promise to keep posting with photos the next time she does something to me, my neighbors, or my house. In the meantime, I will ponder on more harmless revenge tactics. 

Mobile Update: As of 9:00 am, I received a text from my cousins wife. Apparently shes out in her yard mowing, so I wont be able to return for another hour.

Update: I'm home as of 12:13pm. Nothing crazy has happened yet. She sits, ever vigilant upon her wicker throne. Only two missed calls from her today. Once again, she phoned all of our near neighbors about the mailbox. I have a picture of her no parking sign, and I will post it as soon as I am finished editing all location information out of it. Conversing with another neighbor, he had a darwin fish on his car when he first moved here, now it's gone. He suspects it was her that removed it. I have to go back to my house to get my stuff for work at some point. While there isn't much, my movement is impeded by my cast. I'm going to try to get my stuff at the same time the school kids come by and there's more people outside. Wish me luck!!

Edit: For those saying that she has a legitimate medical problem, I assure you, she does not. She has been nasty her entire life from what I've been told. Other neighbors have tried being nice to her, the homeschooled family even invited her to dinner, which she promptly refused because they were "Mary worshiping demons." This family is one of the nicest I have ever met. They routinely give me food and invite me over to do stuff at their house, even when they didn't know me that well when I first moved in. This family isn't even Catholic either, I'm pretty sure they're part of a separatist Mormon group, but I could be mistaken. Regardless, their kindness did not work on Satan, and she called child servies one time, claiming that the parents were giving their kids alcohol. Child services showed up, the family let them search, and surprise, surprise, they didn't find a drop of liquor in a Mormon family's house. If I so much as thought for a moment that this woman was mentally disabled in any way, shape, or form, I wouldn't do anything to her, but she is simply innately evil.   

Update: As of 8:15pm, all that was lost today was my time. I think she knows she screwed up, and won't retaliate today. I've decided to go back to my apartment. I will post the imgur album from there. Thanks for bearing with me everyone!! Oh, and for those that said I should write a script for a show revolving around this lady, I have. I scripted 2 full episodes of it for a writing class, but didn't submit them because I thought they weren't very good. They're written in the exact style this entire post was, so apparently someone in this world will like them. If I get the nerve, I'll upload one of them and post a link to it here.

Update: As of 10:05am, she has called me twice. She held a cross up at the door when I drove past, and she yelled at some kids for cutting through the corner of her yard. Just a normal day for the time being. 

Update: I'm very sorry for being so late with this, I know I've gained a lot of skepticism because of it. Here is the photo of her sign. Once again, I apologize for my lateness and the blurriness of the image. I'm in a cast, give me a break. 
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/oeLyu8r) 

Edit: There are three more of these signs, just like that one. This one is on a telephone pole about 6 feet from her new mailbox. 

Edit: I'm sorry I've been away for a while. Life cae between me and reddit. As a neighborhood, we decided to have an independent investigator observe her for a day to record her various actions against all of us. We all also recorded her phone calls and recorded anything we saw to compare with the P.I. 
In total, the entire neighborhood of about 40 houses received a total of 204 calls from her in a day. She was taped taking a football from a group of kids, she was taped posting fake notices on my door again, and her son, the cop, was taped sleeping in front of his mother's house while on the job. We are trying to use all of this as evidence to get her with harassment charges and forced to move from our neighborhood. The dad of the homeschoolers brother is a lawyer and is taking care of all of the legal matters. I'm out of my cast, and I just bought Destiny. I will post the videos if I'm ever legally allowed to. 

Thanks for the gold, and thank you guys for reading!!

Update: We lost our case. There is a for sale sign in my yard. The landlord is selling the place. I'm moving to a nicer apartment. The neighborhood kids stole her new mailbox. Numerous mystery pizzas have been delivered to her house. I may have my buddy come over with his old monk costume and act like he's performing an exorcism on her house. I'll post a video if he does. 