So my teacher usually leaves the room for like 10-20 minutes at a time every day because he also is the in-school suspension person, and he's a hard ass that breaks up fights and whatnot. I was there for study hall, not for anything trouble related.

Anyway, he got called out to deal with some bullshit today and of course left a classroom of like ~30 people alone, as usual. And awhile ago I found [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/5EpFaEd) on imgur and never found the right chance to try it, but I finally did a few days ago (when I did it).

So I type it all in as fast as I can, and I change the 12000 number to either 80,000 or another number, I just hit a random number with 4 zeros after because I was rushing.

As I'm doing it people in the room are just staring at me and asking, "Dude what are you doing??" and I just told them to chill and wait. He comes back in maybe ~1-3 minutes go by after I finish and sits at his desk and continues on with his usual thing (just watching youtube videos and going on facebook.) He's got that pissy look on his face that he usually gets when people talk back to him or something.

Like 5 minutes go by and people keep looking at me and shit, and I just told them to wait. Then all of the sudden 'errrrrrr' and his cd tray pops out. He pushes it back in. Pops back out in seconds. He just looks at it like, "the fuck??". Pushes it back in, pops back out, and it keeps going in this cycle. And he starts getting fucking red faced and start slamming it in. Pops out again, and he shouts, "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON" and starts just slamming it every time it comes out and I'm dying from laughter at this point.

and he shouts, "WHO DID THIS? WHY IS THIS HAPPENING THIS WASN'T HAPPENING BEFORE" and calls the IT guy, who never shows up.

Next day I get taken out of first period and taken into the office, with police and the teacher just staring at me menacingly. They all talk to me and say, "We know what you did, tampering with communication lines is a felony offense son" and the entire time they were treating it like I hacked into the schools system and did it from my house.

Now I'm suspended for a week and 'under investigation'

tl;dr played a funny prank on my teacher who make it out to be a serious offence of me hacking into the schools system. 