This literally JUST happened. I have time stamps to prove it. And no, I'm not using a throwaway because fuck it all. I'm angry about it. This is also the short version and I'm gonna be leaving out a few technical details.

So I'm a 911 dispatcher. I just started at a new agency in the middle of July. I had three years experience before starting here, so this place decided I don't need any official training. Wellllll.....they're so wrong. 

About an hour ago a poor old lady called 911 wanting an ambulance for her husband because he isn't feeling well. No problem. Wait. They're way out in the country where jurisidictions get hinky. Welp. So I'm looking at my map and it's telling me which ambulance I'm supposed to send. Easy right? NOPE. No one EVER showed me how to page that specific crew. Oh, and there's no instructions written ANYWHERE that tells me how. So I guess. I find the "correct" speed dial button on my phone and dial. Problem there is that  THE DAMN BUTTON IS MISLABELED! Cool, so they call back and say "Nope. Not our area". Oooookay. 

So I try sending the next closest ambulance. They say "hey isn't that [agency]'s territory?". Sure is but I've failed in paging them. Alright well they said they would go. Welllll....by this time it's been 25 minutes. Poor woman calls back and says "husband is feeling better. We're gonna go in the car". 

I'm really glad (and lucky) it wasn't something more serious. I could have killed that man. 

Edit: Well this blew up way more than I was expecting. Couple things for clarification. I couldn't ask anyone for help, which I'm more than okay with doing, because I was alone. My coworker had too much overtime so they asked her to leave early. I didn't  have a chance to say anything about her leaving and I don't think it was up for debate. She was told by higher ups that she had to.

Yes, my CAD system told me which ambulance to send. That wasn't the issue. The issue was the mislabeled button and not knowing how to contact anyone after that. I did eventually figure it out after the call was complete after searching through about eight different radio tabs. I know there are no written SOP's at this agency, but that doesn't mean I quit trying. 

So yes, Reddit. Today *I* fucked up. I take full responsibility for the whole situation. I can say it was lack of training and no written SOPs (which is still an issue) but in reality I should have been able to figure it out a lot sooner than I did. 