Post 1: http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2lsr8x/tifu_by_accidentally_sexting_my_girlfriends/

Post 2: http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2nqcad/tifu_by_sexting_my_girlfriends_sister_and/

Hello again Reddit. It's been 3 ish months since my last post about this and my inbox is having a slow death. Quite a bit has actually happened in the past few months. I messaged the mods who gave me their blessing to post a final update. So this is it... stop PM'ing me.

We shall refer to my gf as "Megan" and her sister as "Amy".

(January)

After Thanksgiving Amy stopped talking with us entirely. We tried calling, texting, we even went to her apartment and were told she had moved out about a week earlier by her ex-neighbors. Megan asked her parents if they had heard from her and they said that Amy visited saying she was moving to another state (East Coast). Her parents were surprised we didn't know about it and proceeded to ask a lot of questions that we dodged around trying to keep them out of the whole mess.

Megan used her parents phone to call Amy, she picked up and immediately hung up right after she heard Megan's voice. I told Megan she just needed to give it some time and let everyone cool off until things got better.

(February)

Amy called Megan. I wasn't home when the call happened (work) but the conversation was not productive according to Megan. Amy called saying she wanted Megan to know how sorry she was and she didn't mean for this whole situation to be so screwy. Megan told her it was all water under the bridge, she wasn't mad anymore, understood you can't control feelings, I'm a bit of a doofus, you get the point. Amy didn't buy it and admitted she still has some feelings for me, which proceeded with Megan getting really pissed off. Amy getting upset because Megan said it was all fine but apparently it isn't. Amy hangs up. Megan vents to me about how she could still have feelings for me. I was a little pissed at the time as well, but as we all know. Getting over a crush is a lot easier said than done. Megan realized her mistake of blowing up at her, tried calling over and over with no avail.

(End of February)

I got engaged Reddit! This may seem like horrible timing, but Megan and I have discussed marriage previously (Even before this debacle). It was our 4 year anniversary since dating and I could tell she wanted me to propose. (Baby talk, looking for a house, subtle stuff). As you can guess, she said yes! Her parents had given me their blessing and we asked them to call Amy and tell her for us. (Her parents are well aware that we aren't on speaking terms they understand us not saying what about). They did and we didn't get a call or anything from Amy.

(Two Days Ago)

Amy showed up at our door. Tears were shed, many apologizes, congratulation's on the engagement. I excused myself to let them talk, however I'd be lying if I didn't say I wasn't eavesdropping a tiny bit. Short style: Amy has a boyfriend now, got a really nice job out on the East, would like to come to our wedding. Of course Megan and I are extremely happy this whole mess is mostly sorted out. (Was a little awkward talking to both of them together). I'm sure there will be a running sexting joke among us for a while

**Tl;Dr: Amy moved, didn't talk for a month, Megan and Amy talk and get even more angry, I propose/got engaged, Amy comes back, we all made up, wedding soon^TM . Stop PM'ing me please**

Edit: /u/fistkick18 thank you for catching my mistake in the first post. Much appreciated.

Edit 2: Obligatory front page excitement. Also to those pm'ing me, thank you for the kind words on my engagement. To those sending me videos of three some incest... it's still not going to happen.

Edit 3: To those asking for a wedding update, no. I promised mods I wouldn't post anymore about this. Plus it's months away and there's really no need. If anything I'll just make another edit on this post whenever the wedding happens and let you guys know.

Also I'm not going to correct coach to couch. Honestly too funny at this point.