This just happened this morning.

We were married several months ago, so rest assured I'm not writing this on our wedding day.

For a wedding gift my wife bought me the most beautiful new Breitling Chronograph wristwatch.  I had drooled over them and lusted after one for many years, thinking it would likely take me years to save up enough to buy one.  My wife is the only thing I loved more than this watch.

We had completed some work on our home over the weekend and because Monday night is garbage night, when I got home from work I needed to haul the garbage out to the curb.  So being careful not to scratch my watch, I remove it from my wrist and place it on the roof of my car in the garage.  In the interim, I get busy with a few things and forget it is there.

She arrives home.  We change clothes. We hop in my car and head to the gym as usual.  We workout, drive home, cook dinner, watch a movie, go to bed.  Normal night right?  I still to that point hadn't realized I've misplaced my watch.

I wake up in the morning to head to my office as usual, going through my normal morning routine.  The last thing I do before leaving in the morning is to put on my treasured timepiece, kiss my wife goodbye and head out the door in marital bliss.

Only on this day, it isn't sitting in the same spot in the closet where I normally leave it.  The emotion, shock and pure panic that I immediately feel is something difficult to describe.  While I realize it is just a watch and the previous sentence may sound like an overstatement, liken me to Christopher Walken's character in Pulp Fiction, this watch means so much to me.

It is in an instant that I realize what I've done.  I sprint out the door in full business dress and walk up and down the streets of my neighborhood, pouring sweat, feverishly searching for my prized possession.

It is at this time I realize I must go home and employ my wife's help in potentially finding the watch.  I will call in sick to work if I must.

At the very least I need to tell her I've lost it.  She handles receipt of the news in the standard, calm, supportively loving manner (albeit internally she's likely fuming mad) in which she handles all bad news and we begin our search following a long discussion of where it might be.  At this time many other theories for it's location are offered and swiftly rejected.  I know in my heart exactly what happened.

We change back into active wear and set off to the first place we think it might be: the entrance to our neighborhood.  I go left and she goes right, careful to avoid being hit by cars on their morning commute.

It isn't 30 seconds into our search when I turn around and she is holding the watch head above her own.  An awesome sense of relief washes over me.  

We find remnants of the watch bracelet in the street, undoubtedly having been run over many a time by passing traffic.  She actually located the watch a mere six inches from a storm drain!  What luck it wasn't lost forever.  It was even still ticking.  Breitlings are evidently built to the same durability standards as an M1 Abrams Tank.

5 years ago she asked me to pickup bread from the grocery and instead I came home with a bag of peanut butter M&amp;M's and some beef jerky, forgetting the very item for which I went.  I suspect this story will replace that one as the one of which I will never hear the end.  

[Here's what it looked like when we found it.](http://i.imgur.com/3uRLJPT.jpg)

To quote Vincent Vega: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go home and have a heart attack."

TL;DR - I lost my wife's wedding gift to me, a Breitling Chronograph wristwatch, by leaving it on the roof of my car and driving off.  Fourteen hours later, my wife and I find it near a storm drain just outside the entrance to our neighborhood.  My wife then allows me to continue to live.

EDIT: Whoa!  Thank you for the gold kind stranger!  I can't believe how much this took off.  Thanks to everybody for your comments.  I'll be sure to post a follow-up once it is repaired.