God damn it.
  
Do you know in Windows sometimes when you start to type in a text box that you think is the active one, but it isn't?  And you notice only when what you're typing doesn't show in the text box you want, so you click on it to activate it?  That happened to me this morning.  As usual, I didn't really think much of it.
  
So yeah, I was calling someone a fucking cunt on Reddit.  They deserved it, I carry no guilt there.  But as I was typing this literary masterpiece, my company's IT group decided my computer wasn't safe on the network anymore because of lack of reboot to finish installing updates, so I couldn't access anything any longer.  I figured I'd do a quick reboot.  When I did, Windows went through the whole, "Do you want to save your changes to document "Resume.docx?"  I click yes.  Come on, just hurry up and reboot and stop asking these ridiculous questions.
  
Computer comes back, and I get distracted by some email from a recruiter.  I send my resume there.  Then I think, oh well, let's peruse the job sites, shall we?  I find four more great jobs for which I'm totally qualified, and gleefully upload my awesome resume.

Got an email right back, "Hi Lawrence, please check your resume.  I think there might be something wrong.  Thanks."
  
Opened Word, loaded the resume, and there it is, right in the header:  
  
**LAWRENCEFUCKING CUNT WILSON**
  
Edit:  Thanks for the gold!  
  
Update:  I figured there was no reasonable way I could come out of this cleanly, so I did what any honorable person would do, I wrote a TIFU.  Then I thought about it some more, and thought, fuck it, and sent them the link to this.  The recruiter responded that this was one of the funniest things she's ever read.  But, she there's no way she would submit me.  So, bittersweet.  I haven't heard anything from the other four.

Edit 2:  Apparently in my slumber, this FU made the front page.  Sweet?  Anyway, there is no update really, but, I want to say that I really like the mix of comments; we have them all.  The equal fuck-ups ("I did this too, sorry bro"), the Workplace Efficacy Committee ("how dare you do this while at work!"), the holier-than-thous ("you use filthy language!  you are a vile, disgusting creature!"), the people who laugh at others' misfortune (I like you folks), and the internet detectives ("did you notice he didn't put a space?  something's up.  that space should NOT be there.  I'm calling bullshit!"), and the Reddit Front Page Assessment Committee ("this made the front page?  Reddit is going to hell!").
  
But yeah, this really happened, exactly in the manner I described in the original OP.  And I only sent the link to this to the person who contacted me.  I didn't send it to all 5.  That would be a really stupid thing to do.