This week, I'm on a "staycation," i.e., I'm staying with friends and family in lieu of a vacation trip. The last few nights I had been at my mom's.

Since my brother and I left the nest about a decade ago, she has turned our rooms into guest rooms.  Thus, staying here basically feels like a free Bed &amp; Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner of my mom's scrumpdiddlyumptuous Chinese home-cooking (and no, we do not have General Tso's chicken or the Numba 19 for dinner every night, or on *any* night).  

She had probably gotten used to the feeling that the entire house is her domain (as is her right)... which also means that she has gotten used to not knocking before opening closed-doors. 

My mom and I are close, and I usually tell her about my new relationships, so long as they're at least somewhat one of dem Orientals.

But the times I've had a white, latina, or middle eastern girlfriend, we broke up before she ever found out, or I had no other choice but to reveal it (like bringing the gf to a family wedding or my grad school graduation).   

I've been dating a girl for exactly 3 months, but I haven't told my mom about her.  Why?  Because she's white, or as my mom would say in Cantonese slang, [*gwai lo*](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=gwai%20lo).  

My mom being an Asian mother, judges my gfs just as much as she judges me (WHY NO DOCTA DEGWEE, Death_Star_?  Why no Harvard?  Sorry, a JD will have to do, mama).  The girl I'm dating is in summer school so that she can finish a semester early in the State university in our city.  Going to a State school -- unless it's Berkree or U-SEE-ER-A -- is frowned upon by my mom.  Me? I don't care, so long as she's not the type to not know the difference between their and thurr.   So, the combination of a gwai lo/white girl, a State school student, and a girl about 9 years younger than I am is not exactly my mom's dream.  

Thus, my mom thinks I'm single and has zero reason to believe that I'd have a girl over at her house, day time or otherwise.  This is crucial, since maybe she would have been more cautious about opening closed-doors, but that's for later....

Anyway, Mom works 7-4pm.  I invite "Erin" over for lunch.  I cook her the Numba 6 since it's a special-ish occasion (3 month anniversary).  She had class from 8am-1150am, and I went to bed around 3am last night writing the next Great American Novel ("Faster than the Speed of Love, Part II"), since I have no time during work to write.  In other words, we were both pretty tired by the time lunch was over.  

We nonetheless head back to my "guest room" and fool around for a bit.  Erin's on her rag (which I usually wouldn't mind for sexy time, but Erin's not at that stage yet), so there was a lot of necking and dry humping, and it eventually led to some *me* time, i.e. I got a *deep-tongue* Beej (get it? bc I'm Asian and can't hit her throat, ROR, er LOL).   

Being male, having just finished eating, and having just getting my nuts sucked through my urethra (with her continuing to hoover it after I finished, which is part torture and part ecstasy, you guys know that feeling)...I essentially got instantly paralyzed.

We were both so tired that she left her top off, and my shorts were around my ankles. We snuggled and kissed (yes, it's just my own jizz, show your girl some love and respect).

The bed is feng-shui'd in such a way that the head-to-toe direction goes from the wall to the door, so when you look through the door you see the bed length-wise, beginning with the foot of the bed.

My mom works 7-4pm. We finished around 2pm.   The plan was to have Erin leave before 4pm, i.e. before mom gets home (as a 31 year old, it's embarrassing, I know).  

But we were gassed, flat-out tired.  So tired that we were both half-clothed, and more critically, we passed the F out within minutes.  I figured, a 20 min nap wouldn't hurt, we might even get to watch a Game of Thrones episode together before she leaves.  

But this was no ordinary nap.  This was not a power nap, but a *powerful* nap.  It's the Rip Van Winkle type of nap that makes you feel like you just woke out of a coma and you have no idea what time or day it is. 

Next thing Erin and I know, the door opens slowly with a slightly declarative "DEATH STAR?" before fully opening.  No knock, nothing.  

As I hear my name, I instantly realize what had just happened: we napped for over 2 hours and my mom's home.  This is summer, which meant that we were fooling around and sleeping ON TOP of the sheets -- no insta-protection.  

The next 2 seconds felt like 2 minutes, Matrix-style.

Erin's first instinct was to put her forearm over her boobs and reach to the *foot* of the bed for her top, which meant that she had to sit up and bend forward *toward* the door and my mom to grab her top (no doubt that she couldn't cover everything with her thin forearm and bigger-than-forearm boobs).  

Recall, my shorts were still around my ankles.  *My* first instinct was to pull up my shorts while on my back.... which meant that I threw my feet up in the air like I just don't care (well, I did care).... and it was like I was doing a neck/shoulder stand with my elbows supporting me.  This meant that my back and ass faced toward my mom ... and my balls were almost tucked back between my thighs, and I [*monkey-brained*](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=monkey%20brains) my mom.  I MONKEY BRAINED HER.  

And I shot my feet upwards 2-3 times to try to get my shorts on more quickly, which meant that my balls jiggled more and my thighs opened and closed in rhythm, exposed to my mom.  The monkey brain was bad enough, but I also showed her a slightly agape asshole that was no less exposed than the average gone-wild girl too "shy" to show her own pucker.  And again, those leg jerks to try to get my shorts on just made my butthole/cheeks open and close accordingly.  It was like my asshole was playing peek-a-boo with my mom.

With that classy display, my mom shut the door as if Jurassic Park raptors were coming after her.  Erin and I were catatonic, in shock.  I honestly can't recall what we said other than "do you think she saw anything?" (OF COURSE SHE DID)  Denial was potent and immediate.  It was all a blur after this.  Erin got dressed, I finally got my shorts on like a non r'tard. I opened my door slightly, and I heard my mom downstairs dicing and getting dinner ready.  This gave us the "OK" for Erin to slip out.  So she did.

I showered and then waited an hour before coming down.  Here's the thing about many Asian families.  We don't do awkward.  Well, we DO awkward things, but we never talk about awkward things.  It's basically like Fight Club, but for awkward situations.  The first and second rules of awkward situations is YOU DO NOT TALK ABOUT AWKWARD SITUATIONS.  Times like this I wish I had one of those "cool" parents that I read about on Reddit who makes jokes to break the ice and directly address the awkwardness.  

There was no ice-breaking; the Horn of Joramun could not break the Wall at dinner.   The whole night, it was just curt statements and responses, no eye contact.  My mom was angry, but she couldn't express it via discussion, since discussing it would be breathing life into something that "never happened" in my mom's mind.  I was mortified, and while I'm able to talk about awkward things, it would've been selfish to force that upon my mom.  So, the awkwardness just stewed and stewed.   And it's still stewing.  Marinating, really.

We ate dinner, no words, really.  My mom didn't finish her dinner, probably because she can't get the visual tea bag out of her mind, or the image of a "random" white girl's boobs spilling over her arm.  Such is life as an Asian family.  Tomorrow, I head to my brother's place up north.  Literally the *only* thing that can remedy this is time, and now my watch begins.  

TL;DR -- My mom walks in on me and my gf sleeping half naked, and she sees boobs along with me upside-down tea-bagging her line of sight, with an element of spread b-hole to bottom it off.  Being Asian, we didn't say a word of it -- or anything -- which let the whole awkwardness marinate even more.

EDIT: TL;DR

**EDIT2:  Thank you for the gold and for all the kind-hearted compliments -- they made my day and were a great birthday gift (bday was 4 days ago).**




