So reading the story about the guy "fucking the shit" out of a girl reminded me of this story.

Your typical "this didnt happened today but a few years ago" 

So I was  22 and in the Army. I had my share of one night stands and random relationships and so on. So I had met this girl and we dated on and off for a couple months. It wasnt super serious but we had fun and at that time thats all that mattered. We broke up a few weeks before I went on leave (vacation) and hadnt spoke for about a month. As I was coming back we started texting. We werent ready to jump back into dating but decided to be fwb. So talking my entire drive back the subject of anal had come up. I had never done it but was eager to do so. She had done it a few times but she didnt think it was all that great but was willing to do it for me. 

We talked about all the aspects of it, making sure she was cleaned up what I should expect and do and so on. By the time I got back in to town and took a short nap we were ready to hang out. We ended up watching a movie and hanging out. Now I have to explain my barracks. It was 3 separate rooms and a shared kitchen and bathroom. They kept the rooms that werent occupied locked. Thankfully an incident had happened and a guy had kicked his door open and they hadnt been back out to fix it (the guy had moved to another room already) So we decided to use the room bare mattress and all to do the deed. We get down to business and everything is going good and im ready to mount up. So I start going to town and everything is feeling great and she is enjoying it too. I pulled out for a second and I stop...I lock down at my dick and it is COVERED in shit. Its not normal dark brown stuff but it was more of a grey speckled color. I dont say a word but I run to the bathroom. I run to the shower and thrust me dick into the water trying to clean it off without touching it. She is waiting in the bedroom when I come back. As I start explaining it to her she realizes what happened. She glanced down at the mattress and there is grey specks all over the place they trail all the way up her leg and all over the place. 

We formulated a plan to get everything cleaned up and we both shower and she leaves. The story does have a happy ending because I ended up marrying her and weve been together almost 3 years now.


TL;DR Girl pooped on my dick so I put a ring on it.

Edit: holy poop on a stick (or on a dick maybe) batman this blew up! 

Some of the questions I keep seeing:

I was young and stupid she claims she cleaned up multiple times guess she didnt get it all out. 

The gray speckle was the poop. Why was it grey? I have no idea I'm not a poopologist and never cared to research it. She has no health problems, she's having elective surgery at the end of the month and everything says she is fine. 

I think she didnt realize poop was on her. She was probably embarrassed I mean I hauled ass to the bathroom as soon as I saw poop dick.

Edit2: This blew up more than ever! Thank you stranger for the gold! This is the best birthday present a redditor could ask for!