I don't often get to see my grandmother, but this time I made a special effort to drive the 4 hours to my house. My parents couldn't make it and I didn't want to drive all that way alone, so I invited my new girlfriend Jess. Jess is one of those kind, thoughtful people who love talking to old people and all that kind of thing, so I thought it would be nice for my grandma to meet her.

So we get there, and it's full of old people, maybe 7 or 8 of them. My grandma is pleased to see me, and Jess and I are the center of attention for some time. We eat some sandwiches and drink some champagne  and whatnot. Then it hits me, the sudden and overwhelming desire to poop. Occasionally this happens to me, like, maybe once every couple of months, especially if I have been working out a lot earlier in the day. Anyway, I go upstairs to the bathroom, but some old dude is in there.

I wait and I wait. I'm there for about 5 minutes and I'm now having to clench my butt every 10 seconds to stop the poop from coming out. I knock on the door and ask if the person will be much longer. No reply. Oh god, why won't they reply. Are they dead? I can't wait any longer.

My grandma has a weird set up where the toilet and the bath are in separate rooms, but right next to each other. I bolt into the room with the bath, hoping a toilet will appear. It doesn't, but I have an idea. I run downstairs clenching my butt the whole time, sneak past the living room and grab a bunch of the little party serviettes. They're pink, with pictures of party hats and candles on. I have a whole wad of them.

 
I reach the bathroom again, shut the door and bolt it. I positively rip my pants and underwear off. Then I desperately begin lining half of the bathtub with those serviettes. Placing each foot on the side of the bathtub and holding onto the wall for support, I let the poop fall out of my ass. There are a few wet farts, but the poop is quite solid and falls out in two well formed, large logs. They lie neatly on the serviettes and I briefly stop to imagine them with candles in. Chocolate log cakes. I'm suddenly filled with pride looking upon my creations. But, I'm sorry friends, my grandma can't find you here.

I wrap them both up as neatly as possible. Little party parcels of poop. I take one carefully in my hand, he's heavy. I open the bathroom window and look down upon the new extension my grandma had built onto the house. It's like another living room, but almost entirely made of glass, glass roof and walls. I can see that during the time I have spent pooping, the party has moved into that room, I can see there's some kind of special set up, a table with snacks and whatnot, everyone gathering around it. That's how big and clear these windows are, I can see everything.
But, the only way of getting rid of these parcels, is by throwing them out the window. Or at least, that's what my giddy post poop brain is telling me. I decide to launch it at an angle, about 45 degrees out of the window, it should be inconspicuous enough for no one to notice, and land nicely in the neighbor's yard. Hopefully someone will mistake it for cake, or an animal will eat it before anyone notices. That's what I think to myself as I enthusiastically launch it out of the window.


Only, the log is much softer than I thought originally. If you have ever tried to throw an overfull water-balloon too hard and had it explode in your hand before you are able to fully launch it, you will understand what happened next. I threw it too hard, and it was too soft. Part of the log collapsed in my hand. I don't exactly understand the physics, but, the poop broke into 2, one part, the smaller part, launched over the house extension, but not quite into the neighbor's yard. The bigger part, fell directly down onto the glass roof of the extension. I watched in slow motion as it fell, the wind blowing most of the party serviettes away, only one holding on tight to the body of the log. The log hit the glass roof with a small but audible thud.


Holy crap. Everyone looked up. Crap. They kept staring. Crap.

 
I ducked inside the bathroom and closed the window. What do I do now? I put on my pants and look bleakly and the second log sitting in the tub. Its little brown head poking out and looking at me in disappointment and fear. What was going to happen to him. ''Don't worry little buddy, your coming with me, there's nowhere else I can put you''.


I wrap him up tighter, to keep him safe. It's me and him against the world now. There's no way I can see out of this situation, no excuse I can think of. My girlfriend is going to leave me and my grandma is probably in the middle of a cardiac arrest. I grab my last friend in the world and place him carefully in my pocket.
I walked downstairs, like a prisoner about to be hanged, I was thinking of all the things I did wrong that led up to this moment. I was tempted to leave, just walk out and drive home, but what about Jess. I waited in the hall, hoping she would come out, but she didn't, no one did.


I walked into the extension, hoping that no one would really notice. I was wrong. Everything was silent. Some of the old people were still staring up at the poop. I decided against my better judgement to look up and see how ad it was. God it was bad. The glass was seemingly magnifying the poop. It looked even bigger from this angle. I can't lie though, part of me was proud.
And then the most awful thing happened. I laughed. I couldn't stop giggling. I was so nervous, I just laughed. I made eye contact with my grandma who is now standing directly in front of me. Somehow, in that split second, I decided all of this would be so much better if it was a joke. ''It's just a joke'' I blurted out through my high pitched giggles.


She started to cry. Full on sobbing, tears running down her face, she couldn't even speak. I don't know what she was trying to say, but the words wouldn't come, and I, well, I just carried on giggling.
I now knew it was time to leave. Jess was in complete shock. I grabbed her and made for the door. I didn't know what else to do. She didn't say a word. As we left the house, desperate to get away from this place as quickly as possible, I plunged my hand into my pocket to grab my keys.


I plunged my hand into my pocket.


My poo pocket.


The consistency was indescribable. Soft, with hard lumps. Gooey, but almost silky. I immediately pulled my poo covered hand out of my pocket, poo and bits of wet serviette were stuck to my fingers. I shrieked. I stood there, staring at my hand. Jess took one look at me, came closer, as if she didn't quite understand, then she realized what it was. We made eye contact, I don't know why, but in that moment, I thought a smile would make everything  better. It didn't. Without a moment's delay, she turned away and vomited. It was only a little vomit, like orange spit. Maybe a glassful. But still... I made my girlfriend vomit.


She didn't look at me again, she literally ran back into my grandmother's house.


I stood there, knowing I needed to leave now more than ever. I searched for my keys but to no avail. The theory I have now is that they must have fallen out of my pants when I so enthusiastically ripped them off during the crisis.


So, I put my hand back in my pocket in order to hide it and walked down the busy main street for 20 minutes in order to get on a 3 hour train to go home.


I haven't slept since getting home. I haven't heard from my grandmother or girlfriend, and I have no idea how to retrieve my car.
