I stopped watching porn about a year ago. There were a variety of reasons, but the important part for this fuck up is that I don't watch porn. How do I get myself off, you ask? I write sex stories. I get a story in my head, type it out, and do the deed. 

Here is where this becomes a fuck up. A month ago, I was horny and home alone, so I wrote a story. It wasn't a sexual fantasy that I would want for myself, but it was fun to write. In this story, a guy writes a story about his wife totally dominating him in a variety of obscene ways. Wife finds the story and plays it out for him. You can see where this going. 

I wrote the story, got off, and forgot about it. Flash forward to last night. I get a text from my wife right before I leave work. "Meet me in the bedroom when you get home." This is great, I think. We've been in a little sexual slump lately and a good bang is what we both need. 

What do I see when I get home and walk into the bedroom? Wife in leather corset and thigh high stockings with a riding crop and strap on dildo. Short skirt and panties (for me) on the bed. Fuckkkkkkk. The worst part was the look on her face. It was this really hopeful look, like "I would never do this normally but I'm trying really hard to make you happy." She read the story and reasonably assumed it was what I wanted.

The selfish part of me wanted to explain the situation and back out, but I thought of how embarrassed she would feel. Therefore, I said "fuck it, lets go." Did I get fucked in the ass wearing panties and a skirt? Yes. Was it worth it to make my wife feel good about herself? Absolutely. 

Edit about what I've learned, my wife's reaction, and the story: I've learned a lot in these past few days. First, more guys are into being penetrated than I thought. Second, I would have totally dismissed being submissive a few days ago. After a mostly good experience, I realized that I need to be more open sexually with my wife. More communication about our wants and needs and so forth. I should also work to try new things that she might like. Third, I have discovered that one can contribute generally quality content regularly to his favorite subreddit for years and accumulate roughly 600 link/comment karma and zero Reddit gold. That same individual, who involves himself in a misunderstanding that results in his whipping, cross dressing, and penetration of two of his orifices by both body parts and a plastic phallus, can gain two months of gold and over a thousand upvotes. An interesting phenomenon that I judge neither positively nor negatively, though I thank my wealthy benefactors. 

I told my wife that I had never intended to act out the story and was pretty shocked when I arrived home. The fact that we both enjoyed ourselves made it less a confession and more a casual aside. She responded that she had never expected to actually go through with it  until it was happening. We agreed that we could occasionally incorporate some aspects of our previous evening into foreplay and sex, but it would not become a regular thing. 

Finally, the issue of the story. What my wife found was the first of a five part saga where the narrator's life spirals out of control as a result of writing stories that essentially come true. Part two would be an extension of the first but incorporate aspects of public humiliation. Part three would deal with homosexuality, four with cheating, and five with the resolution. I am pretty glad that I only finished most of part one. If I had the thing finished, or worse partly finished, she probably would have thought I was insane or a complete deviant. I am conflicted between posting what I've finished (part one), actually writing the entire story and posting everything, or posting nothing. I almost see the story like the conclusion of a Stephen King novel. It exists better in your imagination than on paper. Anything I wrote would cheapen what you have envisioned. Thus, I need some time to think it over. 

Edit 2: Thank you to /u/Cyae1 for narrating my adventure. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRTBkh8Ej4o&amp;index=38&amp;list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6