So today I got home from work, tired and tense and in need of a shower. I immediately had the brilliant idea to take the edge off my mood with a little help from my brand new $100 vibrator, but I couldn't decide which to do first, the shower or the "me time". Another brilliant idea emerged: I could simply do both at the same time, and if it resulted in me lying in the bottom of my tub muttering heated endearments to my shampoo bottle, so be it. 

The vibrator had been advertised as fully submergible so I didn't think there would be any problem with taking it into the shower, even though the cashier at Cirilla's had told me that that particular line of vibrators tended to have an issue with the charging port on the bottom where the seal would wear down after a recharge or two and no longer be waterproof. I ignored this nugget of wisdom in favor of awesome shower bliss and all seemed to be right with the world.

That is, until I actually checked the vibrator after using it. I was still in the shower but even still I could see definite droplets emerging from the charge port seal. Shit, I possibly ruined my new vibrator. I spent so much money on that thing. What could I do? I immediately had my magnum opus of brilliant ideas, which was to immediately try to suck out the water. The charge port wasn't on the business end so I figured it couldn't be that gross.

Cue the taste of blood to remind me it could be that gross because Aunt Flo was in town and apparently had accompanied the water up the charge port. There wasn't much water in the vibrator but I still got a definite taste of uterine lining. Nothing makes you realize your own stupidity like having to trace back the line of thought that made sucking liquid out of a recently used vibrator seem like a good idea. Vibrator still works though, so I've got that going for me, which is nice.

TL;DR: Didn't believe my new expensive vibrator's advertising would lie to me so I ended up sucking period water out of it to try to save it from frying.