I have a deal with the company I work for where they pay for my train fair, i.e. I buy a monthly ticket, give it to the secretary and then get reimbursed for it.
So every first of the month I buy the ticket at the ticket machine before getting on the train and for the rest of the month just keept it in the same slot in my wallet.
Unfortunately due to friction during the course of every month the writing on the ticket fades more and more and four weeks in the letters are just barely visible.


I had received multiple complaints from the ticket inspectors (understandably, I basically showed them a white piece of paper at the end of the month).
Once I had almost been thrown off the train.

After about half a year of this I have an idea, friction won't be able to harm something that is laminated, right?
The tickets are small enough to fit into the standard business card size lamination pouches of which my company has plenty lying around, perfect!

So feeling pretty good for having this genius idea I set everything up and wait for my little problem to disappear as the pouch with the ticket gets slowly pulled into the machine.

About 20 second later I see the ticket appearing on the other side, but wait, why is there just a laminated black bar coming out and where the hell is my ticket?

Then it hits me, thermal paper!!
(For those of you who don't know, thermal paper blackens when heated so you don't need printer ink/toner, used for tickets and such)

The thing about lamination machines is, you can't just stop them, you can't just rip the whole thing out; no, I had about a minute of watching the true ingeniousness of my idea unfold.

So I take the damn thing, go to customer service to try to explain the situation, but after the first sentence she turns her head and says to her colleague 'Great, another one!' Apparently two weeks earlier someone had the same idea as me!

I get a replacement ticket with an hand-written note stapled to my black bar for the rest of the month and head home to my family.

At the dinner table I struggle whether to tell this embarassing but also quite funny story. In the end I decide to tell them.

And here it comes: when I was finished with my story and expected to be made fun of, my dad says 'Funny, the same thing happened to me two weeks ago!'


TL;DR tried to laminate a train ticket that was printed on thermal paper, ended up with a black bar; turns out my dad had the same idea two weeks prior

EDIT: added explanation of the concept of thermal paper

UPDATE/COMMENT/WHATEVER: shoulda coulda woulda. I was so blinded by the sheer brilliance of the idea that at no point did it occur to me to think of alternatives. And the country is Austria btw, so yeah we've heard of rfid/nfc but mostly still use hammer and chisel on a stone plate; and yes, a stone plate probably would have sustained the laminating :)

UPDATE/COMMENT/WHATEVER #2: daamn, 1776 upvotes? Thx you guys! And I hate the fact that due to countless tv series and movies this number even means something to me