First off; I am sorry for not articulating myself too well, English is not my first language.
Well, when I read all this TIFU posts I find myself thinking: "Done that" to a scary amount of the posts, but then it hit me, I havent seen anything like this TIFU before so here it goes.
Just to make things clear: In Norway drinking age is 18. And the sexual age is 16.

To long to read? It's in audio now.
 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXbT2yhil7U&amp;index=2list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6

This happend about 10 years ago, I was 17 years and the legal drinking age in norway is 18, but I looked older so I snuck in to a bar. I was drinking, having fun and start to talk to this lady. She did not drink so we talked about that for a while while I was getting more and more drunk. I remember that I thought "she got nice teeth". Yeah that drunk. Oh.So.Drunk.

Out of the blue she asks me if i wanted to go to her place. I thought "well I've done worse" and well we left. She told me she was 28 years old, and I was impressed. I was finally getting an experienced girl. Maby I could learn something new from this chick...

Well we get to her place and she gets undressed, so did I. She goes down on her knees to give BJ, I remember thinking "how long does it take to get the D in her mouth",she finally started and wow what a BJ it was, the best I've ever had. Better than any sex I've ever had before.

Well after a period of time I was done and that's where I realised the FU. She looked up at me and smiled and SHE WAS FUCKING TOOTHLESS!!! She had taked out the fake teeth and layed them on the floor under her. I never noticed that because....well... Shitfaced. Enough said. I started screaming like a girl and started walking backwards, I didn't see the shower curtan and fell in her shower while hyperventilating making small squeaky noises. For F sake!!! she looked like a toothless bulldog eating mayonnaise.

Well needless to say, I was scared out of my wits so I ran over my clothes, taking them with me, hiding in the kitchen, trying to get dressed. She came out to the kitchen and she had put her teeth in again, I was still scared as hell so I ran out. She started calling me but I did not answer, but after constant calling for 2 hours I took the call and the weird thing was that she started apologizing to ME!!! I was shocked. On top of it all I needed a place to stay for the night so what the hell. Long story short. I dated her for a year and had a whole year full of fantastic BJ's. 

Oh, and she had a gum-disease, and that is why her teeth fell out.  

And yes I know I was an asshole for reacting like that, but I panicked.


TLDR: got a BJ from a toothless girl, got scared, fell in her shower while trying to escape.