So...This happened last friday but w/e.

  I have been hanging out with this girl for about a year now, lets call her "Yuki" who is by far the most attractive girl I have ever see (gave up being a model in Tokyo to study). So its a standard Friday, I go to the bar and meet up with a bunch of friends. We are all getting drunk and partying hard when "Yuki" comes up to me and says that she is very drunk and feeling bad and wants me to take her back to her place. In the taxi she was getting pretty frisky and playful which I can't lie and say I didn't like... BUT when she said she was very drunk was a HUGE understatement.


 So anyways I carry her up stairs, get her into her place and set her on the couch. She said she was thirsty and that she felt like she was going to puke so I went and grabbed her a glass of water and a bucket. I walk into the living area and she is butt naked bent over the  arm of the couch looking back at the doorway to the kitchen.

  This girl is fucking fit. Kendo/tennis/swimming and yoga have left this girl in flawless condition. I almost died of massive blood loss upon entering the room. She looks over her shoulder at me and says "I want it bad...I have wanted it bad for so long... I NEEEEED IT" and then pukes horrible fruity cocktails all over her hair and couch.


 I carried her to the bathroom and got her into the shower and after a few minutes so comes out and wraps her arms around me and kisses me the most nasty second hand cocktail ever. I moved back and kissed her forehead and said that we should try this again sometime when she isn't completely wasted. grabbed her some pjs and got her to bed, then let myself out.


 apparently she didn't go to sleep... instead she txted her semi abusive ex. and now they are back together talking about getting married. FUCK MY LIFE.

TLDR: 10/10 girl gets wasted and tries to fuck me hard, I be the gentleman my mother raised and leave.


EDIT:!!!!!!!! My FU is not moving in on the obvious attraction from  the previous year... let shit get all twisted and weird and let an amazing (but damaged) girl slip past.

EDIT#2!!!!!!! Was drunk and wrote this. Probably left out a large portion that left me seeming a tad rapey. lil backstory.... her ex basically told her she is nothing except tits and ass and ruined her career and life with insecurity since high school. she quit her job to try and go to school and get a real job because she hated herself. some Stockholm syndrome type stuff. TIFU BY NOT MANNING UP AND MAKING THE FIRST MOVE MONTHS AGO!!!

FINAL EDIT!!! Drunk (more than) semi rapey/woe is me sounding post aside. If you get a chance travel. teach English on the other side of the world, save up some money doing that then travel around Europe. and basically get lotsa adventures in. someday you will be old and out of chances. Visit Womb club in Shibuya once at bare 
minimum!!!!!!!!!!

**Hangover EDIT: No I don't think not raping a girl needs praise and no not raping her wasn't the FU in this TIFU. The fuck up was the couple months before all of this because I was kinda being a man whore with people not in my group of friends. Which btw is not hard at all as long as you fall somewhere between Jonah Hill and Brad Pitt on the "have a white dick scale" and have the confidence to not be a vegi-boy.


She broke it off with him last night. Turd got drunk and started pushing her around and insulting her with shit like "Thank me for making you quit modelling!! you are too ugly to be one anymore" and things along those lines.
Don't care if I never get to give her the D, at least she isn't marrying a soul sucker.