This happened a while ago. I was walking through a busy underground train station on my way to a job interview when I saw an old lady struggling to push her trolley into an elevator (a wheel had become jammed in front of the doors). This interview was super important and I had planned ahead by leaving early and giving myself an extra 30 mins in case something went wrong. I figured I had more than enough time to help this lady out.

I tucked my portfolio (with my resume and all my original documents and certifications) under my arm and offered my help. She gladly accepted. However, as I was pushing her trolley into the elevator, I forgot I had tucked my portfolio under my arm. Gravity and the worst kind of luck took their course and my portfolio fell right down the gap between the floor and elevator doors.

"Oh dear, I hope that wasn't anything important" said the old lady.

I didn't have the heart to tell her what I'd just lost, half an hour before one of the most important job interviews of my life. 

"Don't worry. It was nothing. Have a great day." I said, forcing a smile and walking away before freaking out like a mad man! 

I didn't know whether to laugh or to cry and frantically started calling the elevator company to see if there was anything I could do. The guy on the other end just laughed at me and said that the best they could do would be to take a look early the next morning, but added that it was quite likely my portfolio would be wrecked and greasy. Additionally, there would also be a hefty service fee involved. Needless to say, 'distraught' was a bit of an understatement. 

After calming down and debating with myself for a few minutes, I decided that I should still go to the job interview seeing as I had already made the trip. Besides, I figured that the worst that could happen is that I'd be turned down. Now slightly behind schedule, I ran and managed to get to the interview just in the nick of time. 

"Hi, nice to meet you. How's your day been?" The interviewer asked as I shook his hand. I could tell he was feeling a little uncomfortable. I'd just given the clammiest and sweatiest handshake of my life. 

"Y'know, honestly... I've just had one of the worst 30 minutes of my life" 

Intrigued and a little surprised, he asked me what had happened? I told him my story and he laughed until his face went red. The rest of the interview went surprisingly well after that. 

A few days later, I got a call. The interviewer loved me and despite me not having a portfolio; I GOT THE JOB!

In closing, whilst TIFU, more importantly TIL that even the worst kinds of situations may surprise you in beautiful ways. 



**TL:DR** I helped an old lady and lost my portfolio with all my original certifications down an elevator shaft half an hour before a really important interview. 