So as of right now, I have been in the Detroit Airport since 2PM 11/21. My flight to visit my grandmother for the holiday break is now delayed yet again until about 10:30 AM....hopefully. 

Anyways, so yesterday I was on my merry way to visit my grandmother in Kentucky from my university in Providence, RI. I've been flying ever since I was a baby, so as usual I just went ahead and proceeded my travel plans as I normally do. I expected an hour long layover from my flight from PVD to DTW, and then an hour long flight to Indianapolis from DTW. Now this is where I fucked up. While I was about to board my first plane, the people at the service desk announced that the plane was overbooked and they needed two people to let go of their tickets in exchange for $700 in Delta travel money. As a poor student, I was intrigued by the offer, but alas my grandmother was driving two hours from Evansville, Indiana to meet me at the airport. Due to frugality and guilt, I declined the offer and continued to wait to board the first plane. About twenty minutes later after the first class boarded, the flight agents announced that they upped the amount to $1,000!!! I really wanted to take the offer, but like I said before my grandma was already in route to pick me up. As much as it pained me, I thought of all the badass places I could potentially visit with the $1,000. Again, I declined the offer. 

Fast forward to when I am on the 1st plane ready to fly in the sky like the fucking magic school bus, the pilot announces that we have to go back to the gate because it started to snow. At that moment, I instantly panic as I have checked in my carry-on voluntarilY since it was too big to fit in the compartments provided. I have about $3,000+ borrowed camera equipment from my school and I get nervous that things might break because of the snow. I've read multiple times that camera equipment and electronic in general should not be exposed to extremely cold temperature, let alone snow/water. 

We come back to the gate at about 6PM and I ask if I can have my bags since I am worried about potential damage. They inform me that there is nothing they can do for me since it was put in the giant storage thing under the plane. I continue to freakout in my head, but remain cool and calm when taking to all the of the agents. (i mean i need to act like an adult right). Call grandma, apologize for not being able to land in Indy, and schedule an alternate plane to get me to Evansville. 2nd plane is supposed to leave at 8:30PM, I'm pumped. Get on the plane, the pilot informs us that this plane needs to be "de-iced" so we need to chill for a quick minute. Fast forward about 2 hours and it is finally our turn to be de-iced. They de-ice us and the pilot lets us know that during the process the chemicals accidentally damaged some equipment. We have to go back to the gate and they cancel our flight at about 11:00PM. Luckily, Delta is giving out complimentary hotel and food vouchers. Me, being a poor student, jump at the opportunity.  Get my hotel voucher, and head out to catch the shuttle for some much needed rest. I have a small sweater, and it is freezing balls outside. AWESOME....the shuttle ends up super late due to the ice and I end up checking in at the hotel by 1AM. Get to bed by 2AM and then wake up at 6AM to make sure I get back to the airport on time. I get to the airport, check-in, same ol' same ol'. Sit down eagerly for my 9AM flight to visit my grams and they delay me another hour. I'm here in the airport writing this now. I really hope I get to leave today. 

TLDR: had the chance to get $1,000 for free, declined and ended up stranded in Detroit without food or clothing. 20 hours into vacation spent in the airport. SWEET

UPDATE: My flight left at 11:30AM and I am now safe in my grandma's house. The airline lost my bag and it is now in Indianapolis. They said they would be able to ship it to me by 5PM today...hopefully. Thanks for all the awesome response! Yes, I have learned a lot from my experience and now realize all the mistakes I made. Nothing I can do about it now, but learn. Yes, I am a Visual Art student who is doing a thesis in photo from Brown and I take classes at RISD! 

UPDATE TLDR: Home now, lost bag, learned a lot.