Okay so this happened around 3 months ago.  Keep in mind I'm a guy who likes role-playing and tends to make a lot of puns. So I had been dating this girl for about a month and a bit and things were going really great. 

We were alone one day and we were spooning (I was the big spoon) and I had my hands resting around her waist under her shirt. Eventually she gets an idea and says 'Hey wanna touch my boobs?' And being the horny teenager I am, I'm like 'hell yeah I do!' And thus began the moment I began to fuck up. 

Okay maybe it was because I was a bit nervous but for some reason as I started working my way up to her boobs I began to commentate (in David Attenborough's voice) like I was some explorer on an adventure to her boobs. 

After crossing the Grand Canyon (her belly button) I eventually got to her breasts where I said ' Wow I must have fallen and died in the Grand Canyon because it feels like I'm in heaven'.. I thought it was pretty smooth and I think she thought it was kind of cute. (Looking back she probably didn't it was pretty lame) 

But it didn't last long because I was instantly back into explorer mode. 
'Hmm it looks we've reached uncharted land, I'm going to call it...Boobsville'
And this is where I really started fucking up. 
'Shh I need to watch out for booby traps' I started to giggle a little bit but I kept it together.
'Don't get too close to the natives, they might give you the Boobonic plague.' At this point I was trying so hard not to laugh I was holding back tears. 
Eventually I got to her nipple, where I couldn't help but say 'Wait a second, how the hell did we end up in Nepal' and then proceeded to laugh uncontrollably to the point where I could no longer continue my boob exploration adventure. 

She broke up with me the next day. I'm not sure if it was because of the boob incident but I still don't regret it and I would totally do it all over again.  

TL;DR my girlfriend let me touch her boobs and I fell into a booby trap, got the boobonic plague and went to Nepal before we broke up the next day. 

Edit: Wow I can't believe this post got gold, thank you so much.