So... My husband is in the Army and went on tour in the middle east. He returned earlier this morning and everyone of the soldiers were in their ACU's when they came out of the terminal.



I was in such a hazy state of excitement and extremely "in the mood" that I hadnt even noticed him as he came through the terminal. He is twenty six and has changed a but since the last time I saw him. I saw a younger man approaching my direction and waving with a smile in his face. He kinda looked like my husband, so I started towards him. 



I was about five feet from the soldier (not thinking to look at the name patch) before a little boy went flying past me and jumping into the man's arms. I felt a sudden wave of fear come over me as multiple thoughts went through my head.



Was my husband coming home to a different family? Did he die or go MIA without my knowledge? Where the fuck is he?



I must have looked scarred shitless because I heard him laughing from my left. I turned to see him standing there keeled over in agonizing laughter and I couldn't help but laugh through the tears. I punched him in the chest for laughing at me, but hugged him like I would never let go.



On our way back home he turned to me and said, "if you would have jumped into that man's arms I would have died laughing. Maybe the kid was a sign?" my husband will never let me live this down...



TL;DR thought another soldier was my husband, saved from embarassment by a kid



Edit: controversial stuff making butthurt noises



Edit from husband: my wife made errors in this post and in the comment thread. Ignore them. I'm only a Sergeant (E-5). I enlisted as an E-1 and attained E-3 before basic. I didn't volunteer to stay, I redeployed with a different unit as infantry (11B) and there were strings pulled to do that prior to me returning home. I was deployed for six months after basic and wanted to get my 6-year active out of the way. I'm still in the NG and am currently **THINKING** about transfering to Army full time. It was more of a practical redeployment since my unit and all surrounding units weren't going to deploy for nearly a year except one that was deploying three weeks after I was due back. I spent three weeks jumping through hoops while others were making calls and pulling strings to get me redeployed. 



As for the security clearance issue, the Army recruiter didn't want to go through the trouble of getting me enlisted so I decided to go NG. That took time, and I waited until I was twenty because I was getting free schooling through the Toyota dealership I worked for.



Sorry for any confusion... I should have told my wife that Reddit was also known as "The Brutal" front page of the internet. 



(SFC mistake was likely from my brother being a SFC)



Edit from Husband: 2: the laundry got folded... It was still *hot* so everything is wrinkle free... Almost everything...



Edit butt/thumb print tattoo: I can not believe she mentioned that. That is a horrible story and I could probably post it in a different sub... Maybe of this receives more upvotes though. I don't think you deserve the story behind it... Fuck that was an unintentional pun



Edit: not putting story up I guess. Any suggestions as to a subreddit it would for in to?