   So this actually started about 9 months ago, but whatever... So I'm in school, but I've got a few years on me. Well after an especially rough month of class my good friend tells me that he has bought my wife and I tickets to go see Glitch Mob. Of course, I'm pumped and start planning how to make it a memorable show. I haven't smoked in a while, and I decide that a lil ganja would be the perfect way to enjoy the concert.
   So the day of the show I roll up a couple fat ones and start drinking so I can have a nice buzz before I smoke. Fast forward, I'm good and gone. I'm partying like I'm in undergrad all over again and loving it. The ride to show involves me smoking about $80 worth of good in an hour and acting like a jackass. The show is awesome and way too loud for this old bastard, but I'm loving it.
   Near the end of Glitch Mob's set, my wife and I bail and head to the car. I pass out for a few. Show ends. Our friends come out and we start heading home. Somewhere along the way I lean out the window and puke, puke files into the rear window and hits my friend. Pretty bad, right? He's like a brother tho, so he brushes it off. Literally. And we make it home.
   This is where I fuck up... So my wife and I have been married for about 5 months at this point and I can still do no wrong somehow (that has since changed). I remember very little of this, but apparently she also had a great time at the show, and I was able to get myself together after the 80mph puke session. Friends have dropped us off, and I've showered and brushed my teeth in some semi-delusional hope of getting laid. Well it works. I'm no Ryan Gosling, but I'm fairly smooth when I'm halfway gone. 
   I wake up the next morning to an amazing breakfast and my wife telling me how much fun she had at the show and how much more she had when we got home. Yeah... Alright... I'm feeling good about not blowing my load in under 20 minutes. Straight up boss status. I didn't even remember putting on a condom. So it's a hollow victory.
   Well it turns out I didn't wear a condom. 9 months later and I'm currently sitting in the hospital with my wife as she prepares to give birth to our first child.

TL;DR TIFU by getting wasted, being too charming and not wearing a rubber; today I become a dad and couldn't be happier about it.

Update 1: Thank you for all the congrats! Sorry for taking so long to update, but my wife and I have been exhausted. She arrived yesterday morning. She's healthy, beautiful and I'm already in love.

We found out about a month after the show when my wife tried to take a sip of wine and got instant heartburn. She sent me to the store for tests right after, and after 3 tests we realized we were never gonna be the same. 

Weed around here is stupid expensive for even shitty stuff. Regardless, it'll probably be legal in all 50 states before i smoke again lol

And despite how crappy her conception story may be, she has two parents who love her and couldn't be happier to have forgetten why they owned condoms.
