Last December I was stationed in Japan with the Navy, and I rode my bike to work every day, about 4 miles one way. One day while riding home I noticed my brakes were loose. I thought to myself "boy, that's going to cause an accident one of these days!" Upon getting home I tightened then up and tested them. They worked great!

The next morning I have to go in early because I have the first watch, so I am grumpy and sleepy. A few minutes into my ride, at the bottom of a hill, I get a phone call. Being grumpy, sleepy, going fast, and having forgotten that my brakes are now responsive, I slam on both brakes. The bike stops, I keep going. I lost my grip on one hand, turning the handlebars 90 degrees, and the handlebars stab into my hips, and I fall to the ground cursing. I miss the call, but they call back right away, so it must be important. It wasn't. The person calling just wanted to tell me I had the first watch.

I get back onto my bike and ride the rest of the way slowly, because it feels like I just got punched in the gut. I get to the ship and go to change into my uniform. When I take my sweat pants off I see that my underpants are red. Which is odd because they were grey when I put them on. I look at myself to see a 3 inch gash over the base of my penis. The handlebars hit so hard it ripped my skin open. 2-4 inches lower would have castrated me.

I put my pants back on and go down to medical. It was a larger ship, so it had a sizeable medical staff. I am a bit freaked out by the time I get there, but being early, people are just getting to work. The first person I find is a half asleep Chief Petty Officer with coffee in his hand. How do I explain what happened?

(Me, shakily) "Uhh, chief, I got in a bike wreak...uh...and I got cut..."

"...what?"

(I pull my pants down in front, exposing blood soaked boxers) "I'M CUT BAD CHIEF, I NEED HELP!"

(Cheif blinks twice, wakes up) "Ok, go lie down and I'll have a look"

Many people proceed to look at my penis, they send me to the base clinic, and the clinic sends me to the hospital in town. Now this is a Japanese hospital, so they send me with a female translator. I explain I had a bike accident and that I am cut down there. She explains to the doctor. Many Japanese people proceed to look at my penis.

I regretfully did not take a picture of the open wound, but I did get a picture of the stitches. [NSFW, obviously.]( http://imgur.com/FX4pvHm)

By the time I got back to the ship everyone knew that I had some sort of dick related accident. I was sitting in my workshop and my friend walks in and unfolds a napkin to reveal a catchup covered breakfast sausage and says "Here, I picked this up off the road this morning."

tl;dr: Had a bike accident, almost castrated myself.