Well here is the obligatory this fuck up didn't happen today but 4 years earlier.    
    
When in high-school I had a crush. (I will call her N.) N and I were really good friends and we hung out all the time. She was really sweet and beautiful. We would watch movies, stayed over and also even gossiped about others. Over time my feelings grew for her but being the boy I was, I never had the balls to ask her out.    
    
She is a hardcore football fan and so am I (not eggball, the real football). We were watching the final match for the league cup. After 90 minutes full of swearing and screaming our team won. We were so happy that we hugged each other and when she was kissing my cheek I turned my head 90 degrees and kissed her lips. She was shocked and jumped backwards. I was so embarrassed that I left her house without saying a single word. All night I thought how I fucked up our friendship and whatnot.The next day I get a text from her saying if I wanted to watch a movie with her. Young me thinks that this was a bad idea and says no.    
    
Fast forward to last day of high-school. She gave me a USB stick saying it had the photos of us she had ever taken. This is where the fuck up starts. That day I lose the USB stick and later I forget about it completely just to find it hours before I make this post. I plug it in and there is only one text file in which she explains how she had a crush on me during high-school, how she would like to hang out with me more and so on.    
    
So yeah reddit, I fucked up.    
    
TL;DR: I lost the stick my crush gave me to express her feelings.    
    
EDIT: I've messaged her, we laughed it over, I explained her my feelings back then and I learned she is currently single. Yaay mee! Somebody's got a date in two days \^^    
    
EDIT_2: Since everyone is asking I will update this post after the date. Don't worry, wish me luck so I don't return with another TIFU post.    
    
UPDATE: Reddit, our date didn't go really well. 4 years change a lot of things as you may know.HAHAHAH. Got ya! Date was awesome and it went really well.    
   
The Date: I picked her up from her place and went to have a dinner. Then we went to watch the football match of our team (the date was planned like this and I am so lucky that our team had a match today in our city.) After the match we grabbed a drink and then I took her back to her place. Night ended with a good night kiss.    
    
So yeah reddit, I didn't fuck up at all. But I think I have used all my luck till the end of my life so expect more TIFU posts from me :P    
    
Also here is a photo, from before we head into the stadium. (For those who say this post is made up, PM me and I will send you the photo)