I was out really late last night. I woke up today hungover at about 12pm. I usually need to stay in bed for a while and let my brain heal from the damage I did to it the night before, but I really had to make it to Grandma's by 1PM for Sunday dinner. I just suck it up and roll out of bed, and its off to Grandma's we go.

So I get there and Grandma starts feeding me the meatballs and gravy she's had cooking since probably 5am. Usually I eat the whole plate but this time, being hungover and all, I only got to eat about 2 or 3 before my stomach started feeling a little queezy. I excuse myself from the bathroom to attempt to relieve myself of the pain building inside my intestines.

I remember reading that thread about how humans aren't designed to sit on toilet bowls. The basic idea being, your bowels are crimped until you sit in a crouch position. The poster recommended putting a stool in front of the toilet and using it to elevate your feet while you're pooping. I've been meaning to try it out but haven't had the chance. I don't have a stool or otherwise appropriate tool in my bathroom, either.

I remember the thread saying that this natural position for defication will allow you to poop twice the normal amount and get it all out of your system in one smooth shot. I figure what better time to try it than now, so I can get all those toxins out of my body and hopefully it will make me feel much better. What a stupid idea, but when you're sick and nauseous and you're about to shit your pants you get a little desperate.

Grandma's got this magazine rack next to the hamper. My great uncle built it a long time ago. Everyone in my family has one. He liked to work with wood before he passed away. It looked well built and sturdy so I decided this would be my stool device.

By this time I could feel the hot liquidy pool building up around my anus. I quickly unzip and drop trou. My pants are now around my ankles. (Mistake #1). I position the magazine thingy in front of the commode. I put one foot on it to test its weight capacity. Seems ok, besides this thing was built during WW2 I'm sure it could handle my measly 180lb body (Mistake #2). I put both feet on it and this is where the shit hits the fan. It cracked instantly. My feet were tangled in my jeans and I was going nowhere but down. The last thing I remember before my head hit the sink was "This is going to be loud."

I'll never be sure how loud it was because I passed out when my head hit the sink or floor. I was only out for a short time but when I woke up, my grandma, mom, sister, and cousins were crowded around me with the rest of my family watching from the door with looks of horror on their face. I lifted my head up and instinctively felt my face. Bloody eyebrow and the side my head is killing me.

Grandma started yelling in Yiddish something like "Get away from the boy! Give him some room!"; and covers my ass with a towel. Thats when I remembered I was naked from the waist down. Suddenly the smell of shit hits my nose. There is diarrhea everywhere. I shit all over the place. All over the sink, wall, toilet paper roll, the floor, and my legs. It was the sickest thing I have ever seen.

Anyway, long story short... I cleaned it all up and explained to my family what actually had happened. They think I'm a freak but yeah they probably thought that before today anyways. "Why can't you shit like a normal man" my uncle said. I was so embarrassed. I just left. I hate you reddit. I'll never listen to you again.