I feel like I must preface this by mentioning that I am a girl. That's what people seem to be focusing on most when they find out about it.

My best friend and I met when I was 13 and he was 10. We got along great despite him being what I felt was just a little kid while I thought I was an adult. I am now 20, which makes him 17. Also, he has a hot mom. Like way beyond hot. She got pregnant at 16, and she is now 34.

Anyway, this all started when I went out with some other friends this past weekend. He couldn't come along because he is underage (this is in Canada, so drinking at 18 here, though most places start at 19)

We went to a local bar which, while it was not originally its design, now caters to a mostly gay, and especially lesbian, clientele. I am bisexual, and it's one of my regular hangout spots.

So one beer and a couple doobies into the night, I'm dancing with my friends, and I decide to go to the bar and get another beer. When I get to the bar, I notice my friend's mom is there, so I get a beer, and sit down next to her and chat her up, still oblivious to the fact that my friend's mom is at a lesbian bar.

By the time I finish my second beer, I'm getting tipsy (I can't hold my alcohol) and it finally hits me. This is a lesbian bar, and this woman is here, chatting up (and checking out) other women. I let the alcohol and weed get the better of me and I'm flirting a bit, but trying not to be too obvious. I eventually get her to come dance with us, so I drag her to the dance floor.

We're dancing, keeping up the appearances of a conversation, and she puts her hand on my waist. I felt like my face must have gone completely red, I must have been blushing to bad (thank god it was dark!) but I was having a good time, so I quickly relaxed and got up closer.

Eventually, my high was wearing thin, so I excused myself and went outside with my friends to smoke up. She showed up outside and surprised us by asking to smoke up with us. Yeah, she's a cool mom!

We go back in, now I'm good and buzzed and all kinds of handsy, dancing with her, and without thinking about it, I kiss her. She reciprocates. It gets pretty intense, dancing slowly, making out hardcore.

The night goes on, and we call it a night. We're all walking home, and me and her split off from the others cause we live on the same block. She takes my hand and walks with me, right by my place, all the way to hers.

Amazing sex ensues. I wake up in her bed the next morning. No awkwardness or anything between us, just like it was any other day.

Yesterday night, she calls me up (she has all of her son's friend's phone numbers.) Booty call. She comes to my place, crazy sex ensues again. This morning, my roommate wakes up to find my best friend's mom half naked and disheveled in the living room eating cereal and watching cartoons.

Now he found out and obviously totally hates me. Roommate says my friend has a huge crush on me and everybody knew except me.

**TL;DR**: Met my best friend's mom at a lesbian bar. She took me home and had her way with me. Booty call a few days later. Her son hates me now.