TIFU&gt;Warning to readers; this story does mention the existence of sex. 

Ok so, this story beings monday night at a bar in Seattle. While at said bar, I see a VERY attractive young woman. Now this girl wasn't your everyday monday night bar drinker. she was beautiful, tall, long dark hair, and that look in her eyes that said "I'm here because I'm vulnerable..." I had to stop myself from yelling "DIBS!" when I spotted her. Without wasting time I run over and introduce myself. I don't want to brag, but my pick up skills are irresistible to Seattle women. I do my mating dance for a few hours and wouldn't you know it, we're headed to my place. We hop in my truck, get to my apartment and proceed to basically eat each others faces. Success!

After a night of passionate rainbows and bananas, we awake and begin the awkward redressing ritual, but as I said this girl wasn't a normal monday night stand. she confidently stands up revealing her stunning naked body, holds eye contact with me and smiles. remaining naked, she stroll to the bathroom turns on the shower and whispers "you coming or what". needless to say I liked her. Again, Success!

By this time Im already late for work, its around 9:30am, so I call in and say Im having car problems (a joke rich with irony, but that will be understood later). Now, I could tell this Rom-Com was taking a strange turn when last nights date, who will from now on be known as "Crazy", asks me to leave. Yes, leave my own home... I laughed waiting for the punch line, but it never comes. She stared at me with what at the time seemed like a great whites soulless black eyes. I took the hint and decided to just give her some space, who knows what Crazy is dealing with. I step out of the apartment for about 10min and walk down to 7-11 for some coffee.

When I return the first thing I notice is [my truck](http://imgur.com/1GruVfS) I was speechless... Crazy had taken what looks like a sledge hammer and smashed my windshield, only there was no hammer to be found. As if that wasn't enough she then slashed all [4 tires](http://imgur.com/niglRdv). I stood in wonder for some time and then resized my apartment was most likely destroyed. Took a deep breath and walked to my appartment. I slowly opened my door, closed my eyes and prepared myself for complete devastation. When I finally mustered the courage to open my eyes I could not have been more shocked. Nothing was broken, not only that but nothing was moved. In fact, Crazy had folded the sheets, and shut off the lights.

 I started to suspect that this was an example of chance. That perhaps Crazy had just had a bad day and left while simultaneously a psycho had randomly, or mistakenly destroyed my car. I was really hoping this was the case, because Crazy was still super hot and seemed normal. This was not the case. A neighbor told me herd to crack of the windshield and watched Crazy slit all the tires with a box-cutter. he also had no clue what she used to smash the windshield. I never asked for her phone number, and doubt that ill be seeing her again.

I didn't wright this post to help me search her down and make her pay for the damages. I am paying for the damages myself and I'm also not involving police. After spending a little time in heaven with Crazy, and then spending a little money to cover the sobering damages. I have to say, worth it... So heres to you Crazy, thanks for a wild night and a good story!

TL;DR Met a beautiful women, made sweet sweet love, she ruined my truck. Basically a country song...

NOTE; Sorry for the grammar, I'm at work and had to tell the story while it's still fresh.









