This happened in March. Most genuine apologies for length.

My boyfriend and I occasionally like to go see movies in the theater, but we try not to because the prices are outrageous and we try to only indulge when it's a film we believe is better experienced in a theater. This time, however, we really had nothing better to do and we went to see "Unfinished Business" with Vince Vaughn (it looked funny-*ish*).

We sat behind a girl and her boyfriend, they were kind of all over each other, I was thinking that they would keep to themselves when the movie started, so I wasn't all pissed-off yet. The lights go off and the pre-previews start (the ones where they show the little animation that says, "don't run in the case of an emergency, report suspicious activity, *please turn off your cellphone*"). It's uncanny how quickly this girl whips out her phone and begins social media-fying... she's bored already?

I ignore it the first couple of times, the previews start, she's still on her phone. The movie starts, she's whipping out her phone every couple minutes, then remains on her phone for 10 minutes, puts it away, canoodles with boyfriend... whips out her phone again, goes on Facebook, is texting people, showing her boyfriend, whatever.

So about halfway into the movie, this girl is STILL whipping out her phone every couple minutes, doing the same things, as if the events going on outside this theater are so extremely significant that she cannot stand to wait an hour and a half to get back to it. Why do people like this even pay to see movies then ruin it for others?

So finally I turn to my boyfriend and ask him if I should say something. He says, if she does it again, just politely ask her to turn off her phone. After all, we paid like $22 to see this shitty film so we might as well *try* to enjoy what we've paid for. There were probably 15 other people in this theater and nobody else is on their phone!

I wait until she does it three more times. Then, I politely tap her on the shoulder and whisper, "Hey, do you think you could turn off your phone please, the screen is really bri—"

"SHUT THE FUCK UP BITCH! FUCK YOU!" She starts belligerently screaming at me, as if she's indefinitely lost her cool. Taken aback I say, "Woah, calm down! What is wrong with you? Just turn off your phone..."

She just keeps yelling, "FUCK YOU BITCH, I'LL KICK YOUR ASS! SHUT THE FUCK UP! BLAH BLAHBLAHLAHLABAHLAH I CAN DO WUTIWANT." And then I lost my fucking cool, I start getting defensive, "No FUCK you, YOU FUCKING BITCH!" I just lost it. My boyfriend was all, "WTF?" Her boyfriend was all, "WTF?"

My boyfriend says to me, "She's just an ignorant bitch." And the girl has the audacity to yell at us, "CAN Y'ALL SHUT THE FUCK UP OVER THERE? THAT IS SO RUDE." To which her boyfriend replied, "Babe just turn off your phone... we're in a movie theater."

She didn't turn her phone on again. When the movie was over, my boyfriend and I were the first ones out of there, and I hear her behind me, "Where is that fucking girl I'm gonna kick her ass." I hid aside a fountain drink machine.

I was so heated, just livid. We haven't been to that movie theater since. It's pretty awful. Movie theaters are generally pretty awful.

**TL;DR. Asked the girl in front of me to get off the phone and she starts screaming at me and when I tried to keep it together, I ultimately stooped to her level and made a huge scene.** 