(I had to remove the word pussy from the title because of the auto mod rules for weekdays) 

Obligatory didn't happen today bit, goes here. 

So it's New Years Eve 2010 and all of our friends and their kids are over at my house to celebrate.... Except Josh. Josh is home sick with the flu. 

His wife and kids are here. All the kids are inside playing video games and watching cartoons, while most of the adults are in the garage jamming out and drinking and smoking and the usual party stuff. 

Around 11pm or so, the party is full swing, and Josh calls his wife to ask her to come home early because he was feeling so awful. We are all ragging on him in the background and she is complaining as well, since she doesn't want to go home early, and basically tells him to call his mother. Right before she hangs up the phone, I get up behind her and scream towards the phone "You aren't that sick, throw some clothes on and come over, pussy! It's new years eve! WHOOOOO!" 

Well, the next morning I have to get up for work... I step over all the passed out kids and friends and go on about my day. Then she (Josh's wife) gets a call from his mother saying they are taking him to the hospital. So she goes to meet them up there, and the walk him into the ER. 

A few hours later I get the call... He has slipped into a coma. 

Josh died the next day.

He literally walked into the hospital and was dead in less than 36 hours later. 

For those that may ask, final diagnosis was a staph infection in his lungs, and yes, he had been to a regular doctor multiple times the previous week or so, and was told he had the flu. 



Those words were the last time he heard my voice... My final words to one of best friends was an insult. 

Last week he would have been 35. 

I miss ya bro. 

I know it was all in jest, and I know that he knew that as well, as we talked like that to each other all the time... But it still sucks to think that he was reaching out for help... He knew it was bad and getting worse , and we just brushed it off as him being overly dramatic. I mean he was the most in shape and healthiest person out of the group, we had no reason to think it was anything other than the flu. 

I don't really know how to end this. I guess just try to remember to end every conversation on a good note, since you never know if those may be your last words to that person.



TL;DR (by auto mod request) called my best friend a pussy, he died 2 days later...  That was the last time he heard my voice