I never thought I would have to post in this subreddit, but alas my time has come.

A few hours ago while I was taking a shower, I noticed I had a half chub out of nowhere. Since the rest of my family was already asleep, I decided that this was an ok time to jerk off. Looking around for something to use as lube, my eyes came across my little brother's Suave Kids 2-in-1 shampoo. I've heard terrible stories about people who tried jerking off with shampoo, but I never heard anything bad about trying it with kids shampoo. Upon closer examination I noticed it said 'Tear Free' on the front. That basically sealed the deal for me. If my eyes will be fine from this, my dick will probably be ok also. 

After applying a large amount ( I like it slick) I started wanking my skin slinkie. The first few seconds were fine. But slowly i noticed it started to get hot down there. This mild tingling then gradually started building until it started to fucking burn. Like, HOOOOLLLYYY SHIITTT, it felt like a volcano was using my dick as a butt plug. 

Stifling my screams, I jump out the shower and look around for some way to relieve myself of this hell. A half full glass of milk sat on the counter in front of me. "Fuck it" I said as I stick my dick into the glass with no hesitation. Ahhhhh much better. 

You guys probably think my story ends there, but no... Things get a lot worse.

My dad, a smoker, apparently had one of those cravings and decided it would be a good time to have a puff. When I hear him open his bedroom door, it's too late. I turn around, ass naked with my dick in a glass of milk, to see my dad who mouths the words "what the fuck" 

I bolt into my room and lock the door. 

I've been in here for 4 hours now trying to think of some way to explain myself.

Tl;dr: Dad startled me with stuck my dick in a glass of milk because I jerked off with little kids shampoo 

Edit: Oh fuck this blew up... Thanks for the front page boys :]

Update: Just had breakfast with my dad. When I went to get the milk for my cheerios, it wasn't there. I look at my dad and he says " I think you should stay away from milk for a bit" 

Edit: A lot of people are saying this is fake because I didn't just wash my dick with water. My logic was that it was like a pepper. If you drink water, it'll make it worse. Which is why I thought milk, a good cure for spiciness and burning, would help with my dick as well

Edit: I can see that people are also confused as to why I had a glass of milk in the shower. Who the fuck does that? I got out of the shower, and looked around. The kitchen is right across from the shower in my house so the milk was just right there. My dad got out of his bedroom ( also on the first floor) and went to the kitchen, which is the only way you can get to the porch.

Edit: the culprit http://imgur.com/xIz400q for you skeptics