I usually avoid changing in Gym locker rooms. It's not a body image thing, I just don't usually have any time constraints or motivations that would require anything other than waiting until I got home to shower and change.

Today, though, I got lazy and decided to just change there. I didn't feel like putting a towel down on the car seat, okay? 

So I chose the farthest set of lockers because it was deserted (because the last thing you want to do is have to sidle past a fellow athlete and have jingles be jangled and what not) and I disrobed, showered, and got back to my locker promptly, towel wrapped around my waist.

So as I returned to my locker, a group of 6-8 year olds followed by ONE supervising adult came into my locker nook right behind me, because apparently that is where they had set up shop before their pool trip. The adult received a phone call and wandered over to the sinks, partially out of sight. The kids ripped off their swimsuits in exchange for their birthday suits and started cartwheeling around the U shaped locker nook. I tried to ignore them as I opened my locker and organized my belongings. But I heard them murmuring behind me.

"Heheheh, I can see your wee wee!"
"HA! I can see YOUR wee wee!"
*giggles*
They were being kids, sure, but it was a creepy conversation to be privy to as it is. But it got WEIRD when the turned their attention to me.

"Can ya see the big person's wee wee?"
"I don't know, I don't, I don't think so"

This was making me even more uncomfortable. Then one of them snuck up behind me and RIPPED OFF MY TOWEL. The bugger absconded with my towel and started doing his best Hare Krishna impression. 

But I ignored them because no way was I going to chase children around until I at least had my shorts on. But I couldn't find them. They were buried somewhere in my locker and I cursed my lack of organization in putting them away. They continued murmuring.

"GASP! They look like ... potatoes!"
"BIG Potatoes!"

Forget uncomfortable. It was like 9th grade all over again. I'd have preferred a swirly. Even a chunky dunk. Especially after the last kid spoke up.

"... heheh MASHED POTATOES!!!! AHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!"

And the smallest one (still buck naked, mind you), got on the bench and charged at me, leaping in the air towards me. Considering he just implied he was gonna do some serious damage to my potatoes, I felt like I had no choice but to catch him and hold him as far away from my potatoes as possible. He started thrashing around like I was playing a game of Sega Human Fishing, and I tried my best to hold him as far from me as possible. The other kids, in various forms of undress, kept giggling, pointing at my kibbles and bits.

It was AWFUL.

This is, of course, when their adult comes back around and finds me butt naked, holding one of his children, the rest of them gathered around me. The one in my hands squirms out of my grasp and runs towards the guy. The guy just mouths a sorry and corrals them together towards the showers. 

I just stood there. Ashamed. Broken. 

I found my boxers rolled up in my work shoes. 


TL;DR - Me and my potatoes are never coming back to the gym again, especially if I can't get a restraining order on children.

EDIT: DANG IT, I'M ON THE FRONT PAGE. I guess I should be thankful. Thank you, ladies ad gents, for making my potatoes famous. Good health to all of you!
