Well, technically it happened last night, but I’ll continue the story anyways.  
I was out at a bar with some friends drinking fairly heavily. My ex-girlfriend had recently turned 21 and had happened to go the same bar. I was not on bad terms with my ex-girlfriend so as the night progressed and the more drinks had been consumed, we made the mistake of thinking leaving the bar together was a great idea.  
  
Fortunately, I was mindful enough to not drive drunk and excited enough to suggest we go down the local beach, which is only a five minute walk from the bar. When we get there, we decide to set up a spot behind the lifeguard chair so we are not completely visible. We begin the act. Although sex on a beach isn’t all that great, the thought of getting caught is somewhat exciting.  
  
It’s at this point I should inform the readers that her father is a police officer in town, but rarely has night patrol.  
Apparently, this is the one night he has night patrol. About 15 minutes into the deed, I stop because I think someone is on the beach. A minute or two later, we forget the noise and go back at it. This was a mistake. An absurdly bright flashlight is shined on my back and a rough voice tells us to stop and get dressed. As I drunkenly fumble with my clothes and she searches awkwardly for her undergarments, I turn to face the officer. Both the flashlight and head of the officer drop in what I can only assume is shame. Being too embarrassed to take his daughter and myself in for public indecency, he decided to drive us home. This was by far the most awkward car ride I have had. I don’t think I am going to be having much more of a relationship with my ex.  
  
Fun Fact: Parents are not to pleased to see their child being let out of the back of a police car at 2 AM.  
  
**TL;DR**  
Police officer father of ex-girlfriend catches ex-gf and I having sex on beach. Got a ride in a police cruiser. Was not allowed to play with the siren.  
I apologize for any formatting problems. I am fairly new to reddit and have yet to master posting
