This happened in middle school.

I was addicted to chewing gum, I'd always keep several packs in my locker, and I'd go through it like anything.

I ran out of gum a couple days before my mom was getting groceries, so to remind myself to replenish the supply I kept in my locker, I made a note in my school-issued homework planner.

"Bring Gum," I wrote, in my sloppy, preteen cursive script.

Later that day, I accidentally left my planner in the cafeteria. I didn't even notice it was gone, being a fairly disorganized kid. 

It was only an hour after lunch when I was escorted to the office, by the principal and the school cop, who I only knew from our "DARE" program. I had no idea what I'd done wrong, and when I was sat down at the principal's desk, he pulled the planner out.

"Is this your planner?" he asked me, and I got even more nervous. It was at that moment I realized I'd left it behind in the cafeteria. I wasn't sure exactly what in the planner I was in trouble for, though I suspected it could have been one of the unflattering doodles I'd drawn of my teachers. Or perhaps the gossipy notes in the back, passed back and forth between my friends and I. 

Not wanting to own up to having drawn Mrs. Ellis with elephant ears and a stumpy tail, or Mr. Bell with pig nostrils and a comically large potbelly, I answered "I dunno, looks like the one everyone's got." 

I hadn't put my name in it, and thought I might just be able to get away with feigning ignorance. 

The principal flipped open to the current week of the planner, where I had scrawled "Bring Gum" and said "We know this is yours, from your schedule of classes. Did you write this?"

I was surprised that my little note about gum was the reason for me getting called to the office, since I was sure I was in trouble for my rude caricatures of my teachers!

I owned up to it, saying "Yeah, I'm sorry, I know I'm not supposed to have gum..." 

My principal and the cop looked incredulous, and I said, "Look, I'm sorry, I won't keep chewing gum in class!" 

"That's an 'N', my principal said, pointing to my scrawled cursive. And that was when I realized what it appeared I had written: Bring Gun.

It took a meeting with my mom who said she had been meaning to get me gum and that there was no way I'd have brought a gun to school, a talk with my english teacher who backed me up on the fact that I often confused my cursive "n" and "m" and a meeting with the school counselor to finally clear my name. 
