As fuck ups go, this one is fairly unique. This is SFW and does not contain poop, jizz, or any other bodily fluids except for some cough spray.
I went with my friends to a popular non-franchised hot wings joint in our city. My friends are hot sauce enthusiasts. I'm a step above and am a hot sauce lover.
They were debating ordering the "death wings, " and I pushed them over the edge by telling them that there's no reason to order the "girl" wings since we are all hot sauce lovers.
So we ordered a pitcher of beer and a platter of the hottest wings the place serves.
The waitress tried to warn us, but no dice; we were on a mission.
Three pitchers and two platters later, we are all in pretty bad shape so we do what anyone else would do and go to the bar next door.
After the wings, my spit is basically a dangerous weapon and I know that the next day is going to be painful as fuck.
We all belly up to the bar and order beers and then the pitcher I drank tells my bladder that it's time to piss. So I head to the head. I do my deed and get back to the bar to find one of my friends in a western style knock down drag-em out brawl. He's holding his own so me and the other guy just watch.
And then the cops show up.
The fighters are separated and an officer asks who is with our friend. Me and my buddy step up and they ask us about what happened.
I explain I was in the toilet and I'm not sure. Then my friend starts to tell the story and this is when the FU happened. I spontaneously cough. I mean, I didn't have time to cover my mouth or anything and the officer receives a dose of hot chicken wing spit on his face. A bit got into his eye and after about 5 seconds it must've started to burn like hell because he grabbed me, threw me to the ground and cuffed me.
He kept asking what I threw on him... over and over....
I told him the truth that I just coughed and I had eaten super spicy wings next door. I apologized profusely but it didn't matter.
The fighters were released, I was thrown into a squad car and I spent the night in jail.
The next day, I was put in front of a camera and explained the situation to a magistrate who set my bail at $5000. I posted bond and am now out on bail awaiting trial for a felony cough.
The worse part was having to use the bathroom in front of the other "inmates." They didn't appreciate any part of it.
TLDR: coughed up a felony

* Edit 1: wow. This blew up. 
I will keep you guys updated. I spoke with an attorney. Details coming soon.

* Edit 2: My attorney pointed me to this link: http://jonathanturley.org/2007/09/27/man-arresting-for-coughing-on-officer/ It appears that I'm not the first to be charged with assault for coughing on an officer.