So I just found out that I did this last night. To give a little context, I'm a gay guy who lives with two girls and two other guys. A couple months ago it was one of my roommate's birthday, let's call her Jan. Now me and my other roommate who we'll call Mike thought it would be hilarious if we got Jan a dildo for her birthday. Now that may seem a little weird, but it's part of a long running joke between us because Jan has been single for so long. So we got her the dildo. Her birthday came along and we all had a good laugh about it.

Now the thing about the dildo is that Jan didn't want to keep it in her room because Mike and I would mess with her and make jokes that she was using it. No one else in the house wanted to keep it in their room either so eventually it ended up sitting in a drawer of a lamp stand in our living room.

Fast forward a few weeks. The dildo is still just sitting in the drawer. Now being a 22 year old single guy, I'm very horny. But I wasn't just in the mood for some porn, I was in the mood for some butt fun. That's when I remember the dildo. So I grab the dildo, get in the shower and do my business. I make sure to thoroughly clean it, dry it, and then put it back in the drawer. Over the next few weeks I do this several more times.

Now fast forward to last night. We have a few friends are over and we're all drinking, having a good time before finals start next week. One of the friends we have over, not one of out roommates, asks "Hey, do you guys still have that dildo you got for Jan?" All of us start laughing as we go over to the drawer and pull out it out. We're all still laughing and joking when someone asked Jan if she ever ended up actually using it. She didn't respond but she immediately got that look on her face that made it clear to every one that she had. 

The story doesn't end here though. Jan, thoroughly embarrassed, decides to call out our other roommate, Alex. Jan looks at Alex and yells "Well I know for a fact you used it too! A few weeks ago when you and your boyfriend came back from that party. I was still awake in my room when I heard you two come in and start fooling around in your room. Then I heard footsteps and a drawer open and close. Once you were both back in your room I went out and checked and the dildo was gone." 

At this point everyone is laughing hysterically except for me. I had just used the dildo again a few days beforehand and now I'm trying to come to terms with the fact that that dildo has been inside half of our household and I was the one to most recently use it.

TL;DR Some roommates and I got another roommate a dildo as a gag gift. It sat in a drawer seemingly unused but it turns out everyone was using it.

EDIT: Wow so this got a bit more popular than I expected it too and I guess I should clarify a few things. First, it does seem apparent that I am responsible for Jan getting a UTI after she used the dildo right after I used it. It wasn't very serious and she's totally fine now. 

Next, people are acting like I did this on purpose as part of some fucked up plan to get everyone in my house to share a dildo. We got a gag gift, and then is sat around seemingly unused for months. I was completely unaware that anyone else was using it. That's kind of where the fuck up comes in. I would also like to point out that we have all been very close friends since our freshman year of college. The joking around and teasing were all in good fun. We mess with her, she messes with us. That's kind of how our household dynamic works.

EDIT2: JESUS FUCKING CHRIST, NONE OF US HAVE STDS! We aren't just going around sleeping with random people that's kind of why we were all using the dildo in the first place. Can STDs really even be transmitted that way via dildo if its washed and then sits around for a while?

EDIT3: Well as some of you predicted, through the power of the internet this story made its way back to my roommates and now they know everything. Jan is understandably a little pissed off. Everyone else thinks the whole situation is fucking hilarious.

Finally, yes, dildos and sex toys galore are definitely on the the Christmas list this year. Also added a TL;DR

EDIT4: There have been multiple requests for pictures and descriptions of the dildo. Unfortunately I wont be able to post a picture at the moment because it is my finals week and I'll be in the library studying until very late tonight. However, here is the link to the one we bought. It's a pretty nondescript and boring dildo so I didn't feel the need to go into detail about it in the post. 

http://www.adameve.com/adult-sex-toys/vibrators/traditional-vibrators/sp-black-magic-vibrator-78211.aspx