This happened maybe a year or so ago and spanned around a month or two. Nothing graphic here.

On Saturday, I invited my best friend over to watch movies and with me. You know, just quality time. Both of my parents went out that day to go shopping, so we were alone when I thought it would be fun to look at my dad's browser history. I didn't expect to find anything. Unfortunately, I did.

The first few scrolls were just normal websites...then BAM, "pussy". I kind of stared in shock for a second before smoothly scrolling back up. My best friend obviously saw it and she laughed. I tried explaining to her and whatnot, saying it was "probably a movie he was looking up" or something. Nothing much came out of it though. She didn't seem to care that much.

But, I did.

The next time I looked was out of curiosity. I wanted to know who my dad really was. I don't know what I was thinking. This time, I was alone (fortunately), but that didn't make it any better. 

"Family sex"

Yep. I noped out of there and couldn't look my dad in the eye for a while. During which I actually looked once more at his browser history. This was what stopped me from forever looking at his browser history EVER.

"father daughter sex"

I scrolled a few times, because I couldn't believe it, but it was there. A few lines in history that he was stupid enough to leave there. I don't think he knows about incognito windows...

Anyway, from that point forward I couldn't look him in the eye for too long. I'm half scared, but pretty assured it's just a fantasy of his and has nothing to do with real life. He has hepatitis, so he can't really do it with my mom. Maybe that spurred his porn searching? I don't know, but I'll take this to the grave, because I will never tell anyone about this.

Except you guys. Huehuehue...

Thanks for reading.

Edit: Thanks for all the reassurances and explanations. I already knew it probably wasn't THAT big of a deal, but hearing that it's common puts me at ease. :D I'll probably gradually become less awkward around my dad eventually...one day...

Also, yes. I have learned my lesson the hard way and will never be so stupidly invasive of other people's stuff.

Edit2: I am his only daughter and child. I'm not saying I look down on him for looking at porn or even the type of porn. It was just something I NEVER expected to find (that particular genre). It's like thinking you know someone and then it turns out they're a serial killer, but toned down a whole lot. Still, I admit I was stupid as fuck.

Edit3: Sorry for edits, I'm doing this as I read the comments.
He has Hepatitis B, which is transmitted through blood and infected bodily fluids according to google.