So this fuck up happened on Halloween night but was removed due to it not being the weekend. I was out for Halloween with my mates, we were out in a club and we bumped into some people I know from university. I had just dropped some ecstasy like essentially everyone else there and was having a pretty good time. Now their is a mature student in our class shes 33 and is an attractive women, married and has two kids.We got talking and she ended up dropping a pill. We all arrive back at my house a group of about 7 people, where she tells me that she is a swinger and her and her husband have an open relationship. We are both on a serious lovebuzz so I think what the hell lets do this. We have wild sex after some encouragement to get my not so eager little man in the mood. So fast forward to the morning shes just left and I'm fighting the mother of all hangovers and what I know to b a fairly ruthless skag. I pass out and for a few hours and wake up a few hours later to some very angry messages from her husband on fb. He wants to know what the fuck I'm doing fucking his wife? Valid question only for the fact that I was under the impression that this was all above aboard. How wrong was I. He wants to talk to me so I man up and give him my number because the last thing I want is him beating down my door and causing a scene. I explained myself to him and told him I was under the impression they didn't have a monogamous relationship and I genuinely wasn't trying to cause any hassle. The conversation is short I think he was some what surprised that I didn't try to weasel out of my actions. So fast forward another few hour's and I'm lying here on my bed typing this, just heard from a friend that shes been kicked out of the house with her dog and a bag. I feel so terrible, I don't know if they actually were swingers or not but all I know I could have potentially played a direct role in the destruction of a family. I'll have to confront this situation again on Monday but until than I wont be leaving this room.
TLDR *I 22 had sex with a 33yr married classmate with kids who I believed to be in a swingers relation, Husband finds out gets in contact with me, kicks her out of the house and is not best pleased about the situation.***

Sorry for the lack of grammar people... I hang my head in shame.