About two months ago, a friend of mine invited me to go on a trip to a lake he does every year. He owns a lake house and a boat, so I knew it would be a pretty kickass weekend. Sign me right up!

Fast forward and we make it to the lake around 10pm, party hard all night, and decide to take the boat out for the first time that next morning. Here's my fuck-up.

For those who don't know what tubing is- its basically connecting a large, inflatable, almost matress like (but round instead of rectangular) thing to the back of the boat with a special rope. You get on the tube and the boat pulls it. The point is to try to stay on the tube while being bounced and swerved around with waves. Its really fun. So I thought.

I had on fairly loose swim trunks that day. Fit fine around the waist, but loose around my legs. I strap on my life jacket and hop on ready for the ride. His tube was the kind where you sit on your butt with your legs facing he boat and hold on to handles at your sides.

So my friend starts the boat, turns back to me, and gives me a smile, wink, and thumbs up. That bastard. Right from the start he speeds the boat up and I'm jerked back in surprise. I manage to hold on, but it's a hell of a ride! I mean, he's turning left and right, speeding up, taking u-turns. This guy is TRYING HIS HARDEST to get me to fall off this tube! I'm  grinning like a fool and laughing, trying to hold on, and just having a great time. I look around and take in this amazing place: crystal clear warm water, the sun shining bright, the wind hitting my face.

And then I hit a wave that lifts the tube into the air. When I come down, my leg dangles over the edge and catches in the water we were speeding by. I can't hold on and I fall in. We were going really fast, and the wind had been getting underneath the leg of my swim trunks and lifting it up. When I fall, I turn and fall in on my stomach. The water rushed up the leg of my swim trunks and straight into my butthole. IT HURT. I felt the pressure of the water pull apart my buttcheeks and forcefully shove up my poor, unsuspecting asshole. It all happened so fast that when I surfaced, all I could do was let the life jacket keep me afloat. A million thoughts raced through my head. Did the water go in? Did I just lose my anal virginity to a lake? Is my butthole going to get infected? The boat circled around to get me, but I couldn't even swim towards it, I was so sore. They had to lift me into the boat. Everyone was laughing, telling me what a great fall I had. All I could do was smile awkwardly and try not to move my lower body much. They suspected nothing of what had happened.

As soon as we docked, I bee-lined it to the washroom. Something wasn't right, I had an immense urge to poop and I couldn't hold it in any longer. I barely made it, and as soon as I got on the toilet, I felt a swoosh of water come out of my asshole, followed by liquidy shit that just would't stop flooding out. I couldn't ride the tube again until the next day.

Tl;dr Went tubing on a friend's boat, fell off and was analy assaulted by the lake.

Edit: spelling


Edit 2: Wow, this got bigger than I thought it would! Glad you all enjoyed my special moments with that lake. 

If any of you want to listen to this story read out loud in a majestically deep voice, /u/Cyae1 did a [beautiful job](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITICqnAHpAM&amp;list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6&amp;index=14).

Edit 3: So now I know what an enema is. Thanks guys. Also, for all those asking what lake it was, it was called either Bullards Bar or Emerald Cove. My buddy kept switching the names back and forth. If any of you visit, tell that lake to delete my number. Couldn't even call me back after anal. *sigh*

Edit 4: Another virginity taken! Thank you stranger for my first gold!

