I probably don't have to warn you that this is going to get disgusting.

I unexpectedly had a night off work the night before last, so I did what I typically do in these sort of situations: get blackout drunk and eat terrible delivery food.  I was playing some PC games with my friends and someone was ordering from Papa John's and joked about getting this abomination of American gluttony called the Chili Fritos pizza, which is exactly what it sounds like.  So being blackout drunk, I decided I must have one.

Well I somehow managed to eat this whole pizza in the span of 12 hours, and woke up with a raging hangover and the bubblegut.  I'd had a bad hemorrhoid for about a week up to this point, and shitting 5 times in a couple hours had enflamed my asshole to the point I was starting to wonder if a colony of fire ants had made a new home in my anus.

I barely made it through the 2 1/2 hour drive to Washington DC for work without crapping my pants, and immediately rushed for the bathroom.  After a 20 minute poop and tenderly wiping while trying to avoid contact with my now hideously engorged hemorrhoid, I checked in with our client.  She has a bad habit of talking for hours at a time, and tonight she was feeling particularly chatty.  

I stood for an hour listening to her talk, and suddenly I felt my stomach bubble again.  I had to fart in the worst way, but I also knew there was a good chance it would be a shart and even if it wasn't it would stink.  So I crossed my legs casually and squeezed my cheeks to hold it in.  I felt an intense stabbing sensation in my ass and then something warm running down my leg. 

I stifled back the tears, and then I realized the predicament I was now in.  I'd ruptured my hemorrhoid and my ass was now bleeding profusely in a meeting with the owner of a $44 million dollar building and our company's biggest client.  I tried to casually break away and back out of the room so she wouldn't see my bloodstained pants, but to my dismay she started to follow me out.  She got a few feet away and her face screwed up and went pale.  I'd been too panicked and distracted by the pain and hadn't noticed the awful stench emanating from my rear.

At this point I explained I wasn't feeling well and ran to the restroom where I hid until she left for the night.  I'm currently laying on my stomach in a bed of shame.

Tl;dr don't eat pizza covered with corn chips or you'll bleed from the ass uncontrollably. 

EDIT: YIFU by not using a throwaway account to tell my tale of bleeding profusely from my anus before it hit the front page.

http://imgur.com/zp5V1BU