So I'm hoping writing this down will make it funny instead of just annoyingly stupid. I recently got a new and awesome job. It's distributed so my office is my computer...awesome. I was showing my boyfriend, a certified software geek, around my digital office. He leaned over my shoulder and so I have his neck a kiss and started kissing up to his chin. He caught my drift pretty quickly and we went to the bed. 

Both of us enjoy sex on the rough side, nothing too extreme, but this day he was a little more into it then normal. Mostly just dirty talk and a little spanking but some choking too. Of course I'm a little more vocal and have always thought I sounded like I was in pain when I'm not. Of course things went as they normally do. All in all it was awesome and both of us were having a great time. Until my blinking screen caught my eye. 

Our meeting software was on and evidently broadcasting. I keep a black sticker over the camera but still sound was probably perfectly audible. I screamed "no, stop!" and thinking he hurt me my boyfriend launched away from me like a burned cat. I ran over and checked the meeting software and it seemed like no one else was on. I turned it off and told my boyfriend. Both of us were laughing in relief at what was our near escape. Or what we thought. 

About a minute later there is a pounding on the door with a police officer  who was bound and determined to arrest my boyfriend for rape. Evidently one of my coworkers did sign on, hear what sounded like a woman in pain and a man going "yeah, you like that? yeah you do." We both tried to talk to the officer who looked like he wanted to punch my boyfriend in the face. I tried to tell him it was all a misunderstanding. I let the police officer take me to the hospital while iterating over and over again that it was just sex, I was a willing and happy party in it. I had to tell a dozen nurses and doctors, receive a humiliating exam and received more pamphlets on rape then I knew existed and my boyfriend is now petrified of my computer and dead silent when we have sex. 

TL;DR: Had rough sex with my boyfriend while company meeting software was on lead to the police being called and my boyfriend nearly being arrested for rape. 