Throw away account for obvious reasons...

Oh my… where to begin?  A little background- last December, my wife and I became aware that our barely 16 year old daughter was in a “relationship” with a 24 year old woman.  Our daughter has been openly bisexual for some time now and has had both boyfriends and girlfriends.  My wife and I are both very accepting of this and have been nothing but supportive.  However, we obviously had a major problem with a grown woman showing interest in our high school sophomore.


I first became aware of the situation after chancing upon a secondary account my daughter had on Tumblr.  After a little research, I quickly realized that the person she was referring to as her “fiancé” was a grown adult… and a predator.  A search through her phone yielded even more damning evidence… this woman was sending messages to my daughter asking her to come sleep in her bed and asking her to get married.  There were also pictures of this woman embracing my daughter at Wal-Mart… pictures that showed the woman who was clearly an employee of Wal-Mart dressed in her associate vest and touching my daughter while she was on the clock.  


I of course lost my shit.  I called the local police department and even went as far as to file a complaint with the corporate Wal-Mart ethics committee.  I felt disgusted that a grocery shopping trip could lead to a predator having access to my daughter while on the job.  The police took a report, stopped at the house to talk with my daughter about the situation, and also called the woman to tell her to cease contact.  The Wal-Mart ethics committee however never called, emailed, or addressed the situation in any way after the initial report, despite stating that I would receive a response within five days.


Fast forward a few months and everything seems good.  We chose a different store to shop at.  Checking the monthly phone bill and social media accounts showed no contact between the two.  (Blocking all phone/ internet access was out of the question due the fact that our daughter is home schooled and also attends post secondary classes at the local university.) That was until one night last month that my daughter’s cousin stayed for a sleep over and told my wife that the two had still continued to talk through third party apps on her cell phone.  No trace of the conversations on the cell usage that way and all messages were immediately deleted as soon as they were read.


We immediately took her cell phone, iPad, etc…blocking all contact to the outside world and her access to the woman preying on her.  I realize the world a teenager lives in and how everything is magnified in importance, however I could not wrap my head around how a 24 year old woman would defy police orders and ignore the resounding call of common sense to continue talking to an underage child.  A gentleman that used to work for me was one of the woman's current co-workers and confronted her after finding out that she continued to maintain the relationship after the initial warnings.  She responded that someone must have been pretending to be her because she had not had any contact since the police told her to stop.


This denial was absurd and a blatant lie.  Over the past weekend, my wife and I were out shopping by ourselves and stopped into the Wal-Mart that the woman worked at for groceries.  The woman works in the tire/ automotive department which was already closed for the night so I knew that we would not have the chance of running into her.  Due to the recent  knowledge of the continued, ongoing contact and the fact that Wal-Mart never responded to my initial complaint, I decided to write a note addressing the situation.  I penned a letter stating the facts… this woman is a pedophile and she has already been warned once (no other accusations, no foul language… short, sweet, and to the point.) “Attention Wal-Mart Associates… Needs to be known that (REDACTED) is a pedophile.  You have been warned once.”  I addressed it to the associates and walked behind the tire counter and left it laying on the back counter out of the view of customers.  I felt if corporate was not going to address my concerns, I would do it myself.


The note was left Friday.  I got a call from the local police department today (Monday) asking me if I had left a note at the local Wal-Mart over the weekend.  I replied that I had.  The officer said that my name had come up in the “investigation” and that he had pulled the previous report from last year and understood the situation… however, Wal-Mart was filing a trespass warning against me and was in turn banning me from all Wal-Mart stores in the United States.  Their reasoning was that I had walked behind the counter to leave a note…a counter without a door, without a gate, and without a employees only sign.  An empty counter with no merchandise, no open register.  I was told that if I am seen in a Wal-Mart, I will be arrested.  How long is the “ban?”…. Forever, according to the officer and the wishes of Wal-Mart.


So a TIFU or really a TIL...the lack of interest that Wal-Mart has in keeping its customers safe from their own employees… and how quick they are to ban a father for life who is protecting his child.  Corporate cannot respond to a very serious situation, but a local store can be quick to take action without addressing the larger concern.

TL;DR: My 16 year old daughter is being preyed upon by a 24 year old female Wal-Mart employee...left a note at her job calling her out; got banned from all Wal-Mart stores for life.


Edit 1: Appreciate the support from some of the people that are obviously parents here...going to answer a few concerns from the people jumping to conclusions about certain things:

My daughter attended public school up until the end of her first semester of freshman year.  She requested to be home schooled (it's actually an online digital academy for the local school system.)  It was never something we as parents suggested.  The college classes she takes are regular college classes at the university...not continuing adult education as someone else suggested.  

My daughter first met this woman when she was 13-14.  The woman at that time was working at gas station by her school.  The grooming started then...a bouquet of flowers were delivered for Valentines day when she was 14- never did I think at that time they were from a woman in her twenties.  

Edit 2: Wow...this really blew up.  I have read through a lot of the comments and will try to respond to individual ones but figured I could knock out quite a few questions/ reoccurring themes with another edit.  And sorry I didn't respond sooner, I wasn't avoiding the chance to respond because i didn't like some comments.  I was working all day and don't have the ability to browse reddit on the clock.

So just some quick highlights...

-Some have responded that I am being overprotective...while others have wondered where was I when she first met the woman.  So which is it?  Can't have it both ways.  I initially knew she had a friend, knew her name, and didn't pry any further...why would I? 

-My daughter honestly could pass for 12-13 at 16...she's barely 5ft and weighs 85 lbs soaking wet.  The woman in question is a good eight inches taller than her and outweighs her by 100 lbs.  When she posted the public embrace on social media and professed her love to this woman, my daughter was met with a barrage of comments asking her why she was dating someone old enough to be her mom.  Seriously, she looks as old as my wife.

-As I stated earlier, the homeschooling is sponsored through the local public school system.  They have study sessions, field trips, etc where she interacts with her peers...peers her own age.  She is also active in groups outside of school and has quite a bit of social interaction...but good for those that jumped to conclusions otherwise.  As I previously stated, her college classes are through the local private university...the post secondary option is paid through being a student of the digital academy.  She received nearly 18k worth of college education this year for free as a high school sophomore...but I'm an idiot for letting her home school?  Tell me more oh wise posters of reddit.

-After initially finding our about the relationship the first time around, my wife and I had quite a few heart to hearts with our daughtwr asking why she felt so strongly for this woman and expressed our concerns in a very rationale way.  We asked her what was important at this time in her life and talked through a lot of feelings...that was why it was such a shock to find out that they were still talking.  

-The relationship I have with my daughter is actually quite good.  I honestly don't feel she resents me...she's not the "fuck you dad" teenager and I think she is just confused and at a very vulnerable state at this time in her life.  She is at an age that we actually like the same music and have gone to quite a few all ages shows together and that feels pretty awesome as a dad.  We've talked about some of the same insecurities and issues I had growing up that she is now experiencing which has seemed to help.

Like I said, I will try to respond to individuals as I can...and hopefully address some more comments in general as I get to them. It has been interesting to read some comments and is easy to see people's ages and if they are parents just by their reactions.