...to fucking Harvard.

So, I found out I fucked up about an hour ago. My mom had to tell me because I'm such a fucking idiot. I was all excited about finishing my application, so I sent it to her. I'm applying for a position in this neurogenetics lab at Harvard Medical School. I spent all weekend and most of today finalizing my CV and cover letter. There were some formatting issues, I think because of the downloaded font I was using, which made the document on my computer look different than the emailed version. Because of this, I didn't see that my highly profane, stream of consciousness, sorta high ramblings from last week (rough drafts), were still on the page, yet to be deleted..the kind of rough drafts that you never fucking show anybody-especially your extremely Christian mother and Dr. Person from Harvard Medical School. 

But, because I'm an idiot and didn't notice the extra pages at the bottom of my screen, Dr. Person will likely not be choosing me as his next lab technician. I'll post some of the finer points below here in a second.

**TL;DR: sent my dream job's boss my notes - including "science is all around us,"- and other super insightful shit.**

------------------------------------------------------------------
My girlfriend's favorite bit: "My main goal in life is to be sciencing for a long time. Specifically as a neuroscientist. However, the exact place I’ll be working/what I’ll be doing remains to be seen. Maybe research it like this, maybe like that. I feel as though I am good at science and want to do science. So, it seems like a good match."

Another: "Also, I know that a lot of the science in the brain is controlled by genes. You likes genes. So, it seems like a good match. You should hire me. I really want this job. I really want to go to Hahvad."

Fuck me: "My time working with Dr. [advisor] has been hella helpful. I’ve learned a lot about lab work, responsibility, integrity, integration, synergy, widescale growth, etc…working with others, meeting deadlines…something focus. Also while working as his lab TA I learned hella shit about helping people. I’m super nice, wanted to be a teacher and shit.
Plus im fast and I like skateboards. And I know lots about science.chemistry, biology, information, swag. Also I’m the founding vice president of the [school] Neuroscience Club."

IV: "I am fascinated with understanding higher level cognitive areas in terms of their molecular underpinnings – including genetics, shit. Wondering if we gonna need some computational neuroscience up in this bitch. Particularly interested in consciousness and attempting to characterize it in terms of its molecular, circuit foundations. memory, language, and shit about."

-------------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT: Thanks to the person that gave me gold! I'm not sure what to do with it, but it makes me feel cool, so thanks! Also, I followed-up on my fuck up with Dr. Person: 

Hello Dr. Person,
There seems to be a problem with the previous cover letter I sent you. I, embarrassingly, did not notice that my notes were underneath the salutation. The formatting on my computer looked different than the attachment I sent you, so I did not notice any writing after my intended email. I apologize for the profanity and lack of substance. Please find my CV also attached for convenience.
My apologies again,
dougandskeeter

------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT2: Thanks for all of the replies everyone. I am glad that a lot of you got a laugh out of my story and am equally glad for all of the helpful advice I've received (e.g. always use fucking Times New Roman, always save it as a PDF, don't be a fucking idiot). No reply from Dr. Person yet, but he's probably still busy talking with the Dean of Scienc about what kind of medal to award me. I gotta go ace my scienc quiz now. Hope everybody has a good day.

------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT3: Hey interested people, I'm sorry but Dr. Person hasn't responded yet. If he does, I promise to let you all know. In the meantime, I've spent some time updating both my CV and cover letters and have heeded a lot of the advice I've received- sent that shit out in PDF format and got some standard (*boring) fonts up in those bitches. I applied to a couple of positions today and figure that the result has to be more positive than this fuck up's. Thank you all for your criticism, even the people that assumed that I'm not cut out for this field. I know I'm capable of better things, but sometimes I just fuck up. It's frustrating and makes me want to cry sometimes. But, I'm fucking back, baby! And, this train is on a one-way ticket to Downtown Coolsville - Population: Me (and gf). Happy Friday everybody. I'll let you know if anything interesting happens.

-----------------
EDIT4: Sorry for the delayed update everyone. So, much to my surprise, I haven't heard back from Dr. Person yet. Sorry to disappoint. But, on the bright side, the job was posted again today, so I reapplied (btw the instructions specifically called for the attachments to be in Word doc form, so suck it hataz). I also shamelessly made a twitter account a few minutes ago for the sole purpose of contacting Steve Ramirez (@okaysteve) to see if he could provide some scienc guidanc. Other than that, there's really nothing interesting to report - got quite a bit of school shit to do and gonna try to coax my dad into giving me beer money for the weekend. Sorry, again, for the somewhat underwhelming resolution to my fuck up. I'll let you know if things take a turn for the sexier.

----------------
EDIT5: WHADDUUUP EVERYBODY. I GOT A MUTHAFUCKIN INTERVIEW. Not with Dr. Person, but with someone at at an Ivy League school. FUCKIN RIGHT! I'll post more details after the interview. I don't want to post any more details right now since the interviewers may use Reddit, find this and then worry that I'm a complete fucking idiot (half true). I also landed a couple of other interviews at less prestigious, but still dope, programs. I'll post more info in the next few weeks. Thanks for all of the support, advice, and inquiries about the potential of me being autistic (I don't think I am, but I also don't give a fuck cause my girlfriend is super hot). I'll see you all in scienc haven. Peace.