This fuck up has been brewing about 4 days, but was actually realized today. I go to an engineering school that has about a 3 to 10 ratio of girls to guys, so naturally I have been playing the game of tinder for the past week or so. I matched with a pretty a girl who was a definite 1 on the binary. We exchange numbers and start texting. Eventually she askes me if I have snapchat, and I'm like hell yeah! I give her my userID and the conversation changes to something else. An hour or so later I get a (friendrequest?) on snapchat. The username is in the format of jibberish.kim. The girls name is kim. I then get a snap of a dog, and of a fire that displays the time of night with the caption saying like XXX states weather is the best, you know, typical early 20's girl type snaps. Later she messages on the self erasing text me saying "Hey qbecker, how was your day?" I reply back saying good ask how shes doing..small talk.  The next day she messages me and we make small talk again,I try to be semi flirty, but she doesn't seem into it. This continues for a few days in short bursts. Eventually I notice how hard it was to keep a conversation going. The things she was saying were inconstant and a little strange. She asked about my phone, and when I have an upgrade, weird shit. The next day I get a snap from her and its a math book, with the line "foo.bar is my favorite teacher" I am then thinking what the fuck? This girl goes to my school. So I text(on the phone) and say "you go to nameOfMySchool???" she tells me "no....".  I'm like "But you just snapped me saying foo.bar is your favorite prof?" she then proceeds to tell me she hasn't actually made a snap chat yet so she doesn't think it was her. I get confused and message the impostor snapchatter saying who is this?? Then it happens. HE reply's with a picture of his face. Of course it is the autistic Asian kid from my first calculus course. I have never laughed so hard/been so glad I didn't send a dickpic in my entire life.

tl;dr tried to flirt with a MALE Asian.


edit. Male Asian. 

Edit 2.5. In not allowed to post the screen shot. Sorry!