First of all I wanna say thanks for saving my day, with all of your TIFU's! I can't tell you how many hours I've spend laughing, and how many sleepless nights you have been given me ;-) So now I wanna share my TIFU, which didn't happen today but about 2-3 weeks ago... I'm traumatised for life... 

(I apologies if my grammar isn't correct, but I hope you'll get the point anyway) 

My name is Michael. I live in Denmark, and I was visiting my GF for about 2-3 weeks ago. She lives about 200km/124miles away, so it's rarely we see each other. 

I'm waking up a Saturday morning, and as a lot of other guys I have to take a piss like the Niagara Falls in the morning. So I just woke up, my head's kinda fuzzy, and i'm heading for the restroom.... What I didn't remember, because I just fucking woke up, was the fact that her parents never (**NEVER!**) lock the god damn door. 

So I opened the door, and there she was. My GF's mother, completely naked with big hanging tits. I didn't know what to do, so i just shouted "WOAOOUUOOOO"-ish, smacked the door, and heard her laugh afterwards. Then I backed my head up against the wall outside. "Wow"? Was that the fucking word I choosed to scream when I saw her naked? Jesus Christ.... I'm not sure if she thinks I was turned on or afraid.... Traumatised, guys... *Traumatised*..... 

TL;DR: Had to piss in the morning. GF's family never lock the door. Saw my GF's moms tits. Traumatised.....

Edit 1: I showed my GF this TIFU. We've talked about this, and she had a sick laugh about it, although I absolutely did not find this funny. So, she read this TIFU, and she was like: "Big hanging tits.... My mom's got beautiful tits for a woman at the age of 50. Especially when she breastfed me until I was three." - IS THIS NORMAL? THREE YEARS?!.... I seriously don't know what to respond to her. 

Edit 2: This isn't unlikely. I searched the internet for it, and wow. Apparently this is normal (wtf). 
Although it's "normal", i must say I just read a comment about this dude's cousin who was breastfed until he was 7... This isn't normal. 7 fucking years? Holy shit! 