This particular TIFU is a delayed action TIFU since it started this summer and exploded in my face yesterday.

I decided to join my sister for a few days of vacation in our family home. My sister had invited half a dozen of her college friends at the house, most of them being female (thanks vet school !). So we proceded to enjoy our vacations with a unholy quantity of food and alcohol. That’s where my fuckup began. My usual policy about dating is to stay away from potentialy complicated situations, which means lil sis’s friends are off limit. Due to drunkness and quite a bit of flirting, I end up with one of the girls (let’s call her Girl A). The next morning is a bit ackward since she explains to me that she has a boyfriend. Having been on the place of the boyfriend I’m not very happy but I agree that we should act as if nothing had happened. A couple days latter I hook up with Girl B, another of my sister’s friends. The situation is much more healthy : just two single adults looking for harmless fun for a few days. To avoid any drama we agree to keep it discreet and spend the rest of the vacations happily having fun and part in good terms. All in all, a nice holiday for me.

Fast forward to yesterday : my sister is now roomate with Girl A and Girl B and thus far everything was going well, they even adopted a kitty. I’ve nicely avoided every invitation to visit her new place and all is going well. Exept this weekend Girl A caught her boyfriend cheating on her. The ensuing shouting match ends up with her trying to get back at her BF by saying that she « screwed LilSis’s brother during the holidays ». At that point girl B, who was trying to calm the situation explode in laughing and adds that she too slept with me at the same moment. Girl A doesn’t take this well and redirects her anger on Girl B. The result is that the two of them do not want to live together anymore and my sister has to leave her appartment fast because it became to expensive for her.

I just spent the afternoon being insulted by my sister on the phone and my mother and grand mother just called me saying that I’m a « salaud » (yeah I’m french).

TL;DR : Fooled around with my sister’s friends, ended up creating a timebomb that forced her find a new appartment. Now considered a bad man by sister, mother and grandmother … :/

Edit : Because quite a lot of people don't seem to know what a "salaud" is (can't really blame them) here is the definition : "Despicable man, that acts in disloyal manner".

A small and final update : 

Things have calmed down a bit, my sister is still pissed at me (in her mind friends are off limits) but she managed to convince Girl B to stay and find a new roomate. The most important think is that THEY HAVE THE CUSTODY OF THE CAT ! 
I still need to convince the mom an grandma that me enjoying the perks of being a bachelor does not make me a bad person but they should get around it at some point ... 

And for those who wonder : I know that it's not my fault directly, but since I was not smart enough to keep it in my pants I'm partly responsible. Especially when someone else is paying the consequences.

PS : About the "bragging" part or the fact that it involves sexual bits. You have to realise that the fuckup potential of relationships (and by extension sex) is fucking high. I mean all the potential ackwardness, the feelings (expressed or not) makes it a endless source of potentially funny situations. Plus sex is goddamn common, talking about it because it's needed to is not bragging, it's just giving the fucking facts needed to understand the story ... Bragging is telling "I've fucked 3 different girls yesterday" without context (something i sadly couldn't do because I was too busy playing warlords of draenor all weekend). Peace out ! o/ 
