This actually happened a couple of days ago.

I am an engineering intern and was invited to go to a seminar with a bunch of other engineers from my company.  This required about a 4 hour road trip.  My smartphone was on the verge of going over my allotted 2 GB of data per month, with a few days to go until a new cycle, so I knew this was going to be a long boring trip with nothing to do.

About an hour into the trip, feeling bored, I jokingly announced, "can someone set up a wifi hotspot with their phone, I've reached my data limit".  The engineer sitting to the left of me said that he had problems with going over his data limit as well until last month when he changed some settings on his phone.  He asked me to open up my app settings to determine which applications were using the most data this past cycle.  This is where I fucked up.

I had forgotten that I had gone without wifi at home for a couple of weeks because fuck paying bills.  After a few days in without internet, I had not had any happy time, so I decided to look some stuff up on my phone.  However, my phone for some reason will not stream videos from porn sites.  I can stream youtube, liveleak and many others, but any porn site that I try to watch a video on, my phone tells me I can only download it.  Well, I did not want to download porn onto my phone, so I decided to find a pornviewing app and stumbled upon Pornhub.  I had heard a few days before on Reddit that Pornhub would plant a tree for every hundred videos watched, so I felt like I was doing some good in the world everytime I used this app.  Which was multiple times before I got my internet turned back on.  

So back to the van on our road trip, I bring up the list of apps that had used the most data the past cycle.  I should point out that I have a Galaxy Note 2, which has a very large screen.  To my surprise, because I had forgotten, right at the top of the list was a big Pornhub emblem and a green bar that said it had used about 1.2 GB of data.  Unfortunately for me, the engineer on my left, and the engineer on my right, and the chief engineer sitting behind me were all watching me while I did this.  To make matters worse, as soon as I realized what was at the top of the list, I tried to slide it off the screen to make it disappear, but in my nervousness, I ended up tapping on it which opened up a screen to give more details about the app, as well as enlarging the icon for all to see.  The engineer to my right started laughing, and wouldn't stop for about 10 minutes, the engineer to my left stated "well this is awkward".  And the chief engineer behind me would not make eye contact with me at all for the rest of the day.  I overheard the story being told multiple times during breaks in the seminar with the other 6 engineers on the trip, so now everyone in my office probably thinks I'm some sort of perv.  I am not looking forward to work tomorrow morning.


Edit:  Wow, this kind of exploded today.  Thanks for all the great responses.  I'm sure that Everyone will have a few good laughs at my expense tomorrow which I think I can handle.  I imagine all of the engineers in the office will be jealous as shit though when I tell them that [u/Katie_Pornhub](http://www.reddit.com/user/Katie_Pornhub)  responded to the thread.  That's almost like real life contact with a female.  We all know who I will be thinking about tonight when I arm wrestle with my one eyed vessel  (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞


tl;dr:  Showed a few engineers that I am interning for that the number 1 data using app on my phone is Pornhub :(