Throwaway because my other roommate knows my reddit account.

Let me start off by saying I'm a dude living with two other dudes. They're really cool and outgoing, but i'm kind of on the shy side. Likewise, I'm a very shy masturbator and even kind of prudish. I only masturbate in the bathroom (we only have one in our 3-br apartment), in the dark and at hours when everyone is asleep.

So, it was ~3am last night and I was browsing gonewildplus on my phone. I removed my pants and went to town. It's important to note that I sleep without a shirt, so by removing my pants, I was left in my birthday suit. I just like the freedom of being nude. There are no windows in our bathroom, so the only light source at the time was my phone.

I was on the verge of cumming when my phone screen shut off. Being that I was too into the moment, I didn't have time/motivation to pause and unlock my phone to get the imgur album back. Just 20 seconds before I came, my roommate walked in to take a leak. Keep in mind it was completely dark in the room. We've all lived there for so long that we have adapted to feeling the rug in front of our toilet by walking on it to navigate our way through. Being that it is directly in front of the door and my legs were wide apart, my roommate was able to walk right in front of it didn't notice I was there. I was caught like a deer in the headlights; I just couldn't move or say anything.

Then, the worst fucking thing that could ever happen at that moment: just as my roommate began urinating on me, I came. So here I am, holding my dong pumping cum like a frosting dispenser, while my roommate pees on me. Noticing there was a lack of peeing noise, he yells "the fuck is that" only to turn on the lights to reveal his naked, piss-soaked roommate. He just stared at me for five agonizing seconds, zipped up and left.

It's 10:30AM and I haven't slept and still haven't come out of my room. My roommate probably thinks I got off to him pissing on me. I don't know what my roommate has done or where he is but I fear the worst. I have to move. I can't stay here. I don't know what to do.

Edit: yes we have a lock, but it sticks. I never use it because I'm afraid of being locked in.

Edit 2: I went to the kitchen to get some food. My non-pissing roommate, sitting on the couch, looked at me briefly and looked away without saying anything. He knows. I'm eating in my room. Fuck.