This is long but worth it, I promise. Like most TIFU, this didn't happen today. This happened three days ago. 

So, I'm a 23 year old male, living in Phnom Penh, speak very little Khmer but learning. I'm very straight. 

Having recently arrived in Phnom Penh, I still live at a hostel (though I get my apartment tomorrow!) with a bunch of other westerners on holiday, so naturally once the sun sets, the party gets started. I'm drinking with some New Zealand army guys, and couple of English girls, so drinking properly. Our hostel closes its bar around 11pm, so we decide to head out to a second bar. 

More drinking and some nitrous balloons, we all take a tuk tuk out to a dance club called Pontoon. Now, this is a popular spot for locals and Westerners and more than a few of the local women are hookers. I buy an overpriced beer for $3 and head to the dance floor where we make fools of ourselves. After about twenty minutes, a Cambodian woman comes up and offers me a drink which I accept (mistake 1). I guzzle it down, we dance for a few minutes, and when the song ends I realize I need to sit down.

Barely after I sit in the chair, I'm surrounded by four Khmer bouncers. They're yelling at me in Khmer, which I do not understand, though finally one of the smaller ones starts saying in broken English "come with me, you no pay drink, why you no pay drink, you steal from us" etc. They're surrounding me, and I'm starting to get a bit belligerent. I didn't order shit, I was offered it. I only have about 1000 real on me (25 cents) so I couldn't pay for it even if I wanted too, but they start leading me toward the back of the room. Thankfully, one of the army guys notices and intervenes, pays for the drink, and the bouncers head off.

At this point I am pissed, and I have enough of a temper sober that I decide the best idea is head out of the bar and find my way back to the hostel. (mistake 2)

I head outside, and one of the bouncers says something, at which point a French guy comes up to me and gets in my face, saying something to the effect of "Who do you think you are, coming here and disrespecting these people in their own country, how dare you" etc etc. He's about four inches taller than me, but I have about twenty pounds on him and a belly full of courage so I stare back at him without missing a beat, and after a few awkward seconds he turns around muttering about arrogant yankees. 

At this point, I've completely forgotten that I have no idea where Pontoon Bar is, and storm off down a random street (mistake 3) (ironically, yesterday stumbled upon Pontoon while staying at another hostel - I was only a block off an area I know very well, and had I been somewhat more sensible, I would have realized that I recognized the street I was on because a landmark just beyond the club.

After a few blocks, a guy in a tuk tuk comes up to me and asks if I want a ride home. I want to cool my head and sober up a bit, so I decline (mistake 4) but ask if Independence Monument is in the direction I'm heading in and he confirms that it is. So I head off. 

Now, after about forty five minutes of walking, it's 4.30 in the morning, and I realize I have absolutely no fucking idea where I am. The city around me is also starting to get a bit grimy, with run down buildings, more than the usual amount of trash everywhere, and dead silent streets. I don't have any cash on me, but I do have my iphone, so I decide that I need to remove myself from this situation as quickly as possible. I notice a lit restaurant two blocks away and figure it hell, maybe somebody there speaks English and I can at least figure out where I am. 

When I'm maybe a dozen steps from the restaurant, a woman I hadn't seen comes out of the alley near it, and starts walking up to me. She immediately grabs my crotch and begins loudly saying "massage, sex?" I decide that the best possible course of action to immediately end this is to loudly announce that sorry, I'm gay, and I'm not interested. Mistake fucking 5. 

I walk into the restaurant, and a table motions to me to come to them. It's a man, about forty, and a lady boy, about 28. They start telling me in English to sit with them, and its pretty damn good English and beggars can't be choosers so I sit down. They offer me a can of beer, which I open and drink with them, and tell them about my adventure thus far. They tell me I went in the opposite direction and that I'm about ten kilometers from my hostel. Whatever, they're being very friendly, and then one of them says "you know, you don't look or sound gay at all" and suddenly it strikes me that they heard that I'm gay, and they're gay too and that I am flirting with a gay guy and a crossdresser in a random part of Phnom Penh, far away from anything I recognize.

Somehow it comes up that the older man owns a moto - and this is mistake 6 - and I come up with the brilliant idea - him. this is it. this is how I get home. put your game face on, you're gonna flirt with this guy and he's going to take you home and you will be fine. I do it. I'm friendly, laughing at his jokes, looking him in the eye, smiling, and finally I ask him - hey, can you do me a favor, I'm a bit drunk, would you be willing to take me home.

He agrees. Oh god yes. I hop on the bike and we're off. 

It's fine for about two kilometers. I don't want to get left on a corner so I'm still selling this. I'm also drunk and not making great decisions. I have one hand around his waist, resting on his thigh, the other one over his shoulder, and we're going. We're still driving when he starts fondling my crotch. Whatever. i must get home. Fondle my soft dick if thats what you want. Mistake 7. 

So there I am, thinking to myself, OK this is weird, but hey, I'm recognizing the streets, and look the sun is coming up and OH GOD WHAT

And that's when I have a moment of clarity and find myself, in Phnom Penh, drunk and lost at 5.30 in the morning, a romantic fuckin sunrise, on a moving motobike and this random Cambodian man's fat fucking tongue halfway down my throat going to town on my tonsils. 

OK. I asked for it. This is strange but whatever, I'm nearly home, and I can go scrub my mouth, and go to bed and all will be right with the world and hey, maybe I'll even black out and forget the whole night ever happen. He seems disappointed when he drops me off and I mutter a quick thanks and scurry off to bed and that's the end of the story.

I thought.

It turns out I MADE ONE FINAL AND HUGE mistake which I do not remember making. While flirting with the guy, somehow, for some reason, I decided it would really sell the "I'm gay" thing if I gave him my cell number.

I wake up in the morning to three texts, all variations of "hey how are you, hey want some fuck, hey lets have sex" and so on. I keep receiving them over the day, and that evening he calls me twice asking me what I'm up too. I quickly mutter a sorry and block his number and I'm thinking thats the end of it.

Next day - new number, same story. I block it.

guys its been three days. They wont stop. He's still texting.

The worst part of all this though? I forgot the fucking iphone in my fucking pocket has fucking 3G and I coulda just used that fucking map 