Obligitory "This was a few years ago". 

It's as bad as it sounds.

So I was in 8th grade, bored as fuck in science class. I had just finished watching Deathnote about a week ago, so it was constantly on my mind, thinking about how Neir's kinda dumb and such. Then I had a great idea. I pulled out a sheet of paper and wrote "Deathnote" on the header, trying to make it look as close to the shows logo as possible. I started my hitlist by putting down names of cartoon/fictional characters, Harry Potter, Duckhunt dog, Waluigi, etc. Then I took it up a notch, and started writing down the mascots for various food stuffs, Captain Crunch, Planters Peanuts Guy, etc. Then I took it up another step, and started wring down actual peoples names, Ex: Chad, Duncan, Louis. Then I wrote down some teachers names, and you get the point by now. So at this point the list was about 3/4 filled up, and I was admiring my piece of incriminating evidence. The day goes by and it slips out of my mind. The Last class starts and then I realize I don't have the paper. NBD, They'll just see the 25 fictional names and realize that the whole things a joke when/if anyone finds it.

And then the front office calls me up.

ohshit.jpeg

I walk up and the principle sits me down and very calmly talks to me about the situation he's been dealing with for the day. Someone had took my "hitlist" and given it to the office and told them it was mine (it didn't have my name on it). Principle asks me if the paper is mine. I, being the paragon of organic intelligence, admitted to writing a note containing at least 7 terroristic threats.

And it just so happened that this entire incident took place a week after the Sandy Hook shootings. all things considered, I was in a pretty bad situation.

Everyone that was on the list had to be taken into the office to be informed of the situation. Now. their were like 4 people who I was actually friends with on the list, compared to the 7 or so who I had no affiliation with. One of those friends, we'll call him Andy, told me he was forced to sign a form that said he felt his life was threatened. Idk if that happened, but that's what he told me. He also told me he laughed when the principle showed him the list. 

I got suspended for a few weeks, and had to write apologies to everyone on the list. I probably would have went to jail, if my dad didn't have a great lawyer friend who could help me. And to this day, I'm known in my school as "The guy who tried to kill Captain Crunch".

TL:DR- I was not meant to be Kira

EDIT1: My most biggest post is my biggest fuck up. Yay?

EDIT2: Why Captain Crunch needs to die, he was gunning for Count Chocula- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxKSnrUstDE

EDIT3: I opened my box of Captain Crunch and found a gold toy 

Final EDIT: Front page. I can now retire after my two year career.

ITT: Crunchatize me Cap'n