"Profanity is uttered by individuals who lack the capability to otherwise better express themselves."

This is the sentence I make my jr. High students write for homework 25times when they swear in my science class. I have been doing this for several years now, and my students know that if they act out, they are telling me that they think that correcting their behavior is more important than educating themselves. So I give them busy work that is due the next school day and it must be signed by a parent. 

This brings us to 2nd period. Had a young lady decide that she wanted to cuss out her friend in the middle of class. I hand her this sentence, she rolls her eyes, but nods her head and puts it in her back pack. 

I just got off the phone with her mother. The conversation went something like this:

"Why the fuck is MY baby girl doing extra homework? She didn't do no nothin' to you."

"She broke my class rules. She knows what she did, and she suffers the consequences."

"But that don't give you the RIGHT to call my baby stupid. My baby ain't doin' your stupid homework bullshit either. Just you wait til I talk to your principal and the school board see how fast your fat ass gets fired."

::pause::

"First, I never called her stupid. Her intelligence was never even a topic of conversation between us. And second, you're going to stop talking to me in the manner that you are. I do not accept that from my students, nor do I accept it from their parents."

"There you go treating ME like I'm stupid now to tryin' to confuse me. You a asshole, that what you is. And I ain't taking this shit."

"Now just a minute. You need to explain to me how you think I am treating you like you are stupid because I am completely lost."

"You is talkin' all uppity."

"I'm sorry...how?"

"You is all talk in' like you some know-it-all science bitch using all them big words and making my baby feel stupid because she has to write them she don't even know what they mean, I don't even know what they mean! You some uppity bitch ain't cha?"

"I'm still lost. What big words?"

"Fuck it, I a talk to your principal." ::click::

She got confused by the words I used, thought I was maliciously and intentionally talking that way to make her feel stupid. She indeed, called my principal. A formal reprimand may take place tomorrow. Because I used big words. And assigned homework.

Update part 3:

Get a call from principal when I arrived at work to come to her office. Mom &amp; child are in there. Principal has an odd look on her face. (and for all of you who were wondering... mom was white. Not that it even matters). I sit down, and before or the principal can say a word, child looks at mom, mom apologizes. She goes in to how she was having a bad day *insert health problems here* and that she didn't understand the situation so she naturally assumed I was picking on her child.

Principal keeps composed until they leave, then lost it. She laughed so hard she was crying. Apparently, they had a conversation over the phone the night before and she defined all the words for mom. Child was fine. She was willing to accept the lines and all was well.

Oh! And I checked, where I'm at, extra homework/writing lines/etc is NOT corporal punishment. I'm good. 

Edit 4: thanks for the gold, somebody! 