So its a Friday night and being the anti-social college student, I decided to go to the library to get some studying in, which actually turned into how long could I stare at the same picture of a dog on /r/aww. After a couple of hours of looking at my phone waiting for something to happen, I got a text from a girl. Now, this girl was very sweet and very pretty and had the kind of innocence that magically makes you fall in love with her. She had been my best friend since middle school and we never tried to make moves because I couldn't hold a relationship for shit and seeing as we both are kind of nerdy, we didn't know what the hell to do. 

So back to the text, she asks me if I want to come over and watch Netflix. This was huge for me, since I have never used Netflix before since I am a baller on a budget, so I of course said yes, thinking that this Doctor Who loving girl just wanted to help a friend out with some quality entertainment. So, I make my way over to her room and noticed the door was open, walked in and there she is standing naked right in front of me. 

Now, if you see a girl just standing in front of you naked, you kind of have that pause moment when you go through the ultimate high of excitement, busting out into the Carlton dance, to the utter fear of not knowing what to do. So, being the smooth talking nerd that I am, I said this : "So, No Netflix?" And I got kicked the fuck out. 

An update to when I had originally posted this 3-4 weeks ago, the girl and I are still friends. I found out that the door was locked but college dorms suck and the door cracked open without her knowing. She was changing into her pajamas to watch the movie and didn't think that I had the speed of Usain Bolt. 

Edit: To all of the people asking about if she had intentionally left the door cracked for he to see me naked, I can 100% confirm it was not intentionally. The doors at this college that I got to have the ability to self open because of wind from another open door (Science). 

I also didn't make a move because sexy time just isn't the thing for me right now, just because I had a friend in high school who knocked up a girl because she legitimately poked holes into his condom on prom night. 