Yesterday my girlfriend and I decided to get out of town for a while and take our dog, Dexter, to the beach. We looked up a beach that allowed dogs off leash and headed out. 

After an hour of running around in the sun sniffing butts and digging holes, we could tell Dexter was getting too hot. Unfortunately, he is a big baby and is really afraid of the ocean unless someone is carrying him. So my girlfriend picked him up and we walk into the ocean. We get in about waist high, Dexter doggy paddling and looking freaked out by the waves. We stay in for about 5 minutes splashing around and finally my girlfriend says "hey let's head in. I think Dexter needs a break" and I say "let's just go a little further!" and start stepping a little deeper. 10 seconds later I feel something slippery under my foot that I assumed was a plastic bag. One more step and I feel a sharp pain in the bottom of my foot. 
I yelp in pain and say I stepped on a nail and that I think it went deep into my foot. Once back on the shore, we clean out the small cut with water. By now, the pain has become so intense that I'm literally shaking all over. I figure I must have hit a nerve. I hate going to the doctor, but the pain keeps getting worse and my girlfriend insists. We find an urgent care and she waits in the care while I go inside. After the most unbelievably painful half hour wait, the doctor finally gets into the room, takes one look at my foot and tells me that I've been stung by a stingray. He prescribes me antibiotics, steroids, and pain medicine and sends me on my way.  

So here I am, high as shit on pain killers and stuck in bed for a few days, all because I didn't listen to my girlfriend. 

Don't get stung by a stingray. It's easily the most painful this I've ever experienced, and I've had some pretty serious surgeries with rough recoveries. 


TL;DR 
Went into the ocean with girlfriend. She wants to head in. I say no and seconds later get stung by a stingray. Experience worst pain of my life. Now I'm stuck in bed for a few days.

Edit: here's a picture of my foot today.
http://imgur.com/bTQzmqc