The other day my girlfriend and I were having a rather raunchy discussion to which ended with me saying I'd get her a dildo, to cut a long story short. As a sweet and "romantic" gesture I ordered a kit to make a dildo using my own penis, 'this'll go down a treat' my excitable mind tells me (so will she, hehe) as I splash 40 fucking pounds in this awesome piece of kit.


Fast forward to today, the incident of the fuck up. The package arrives and I'm excited to get to work on my penis sculpting. I rip open the parcel and see 4 simple steps:

1. Make your penis erect. (Pfft, easy)

2. Add the 3D gel and wait a few minutes. (Okay, so my dick is in a tube. Sounds simple enough)

3. Fill the mold with the skin feel silicone rubber. (The hard part must be over.)

4. Now you have an exact silicone copy of your penis. (not even a step. This will be a walk in the park.)


I open the product and pull out a sheet with 16 steps and meticulous detail along with precise timing ('Fuck...'). Along with this spills out a number of contraptions and such, so not just a tube and some gel ('Shit...').


Well, best get started. Firstly, I need to get erect, so I put on porn. Up the little guy stands, great start. Tie a ring around your penis to hold the tube in place; fuck up #1, much like a drawstring this thing tightens and nips the skin. Ouch.

Add water to powder and make a paste, but be quick if hardens fast. Pour it into the tube with my little guy. Little. Maintaining an erection with all this instruction following is difficult. 


Done. Not to a great standard but done. My masculinity is no longer needed. *pat on the head well done*.


Remove the gel with your hollow penis shape inside. Mix the silicone rubber  paste with the hardening solution. Okay! Oh, poop, a few bits splashed out round the kitchen, I'll have to deal with them later as I don't have much time. I pour the mixture into my hollow frame and would you believe it? The shell basically splits, pops and spills all over my kitchen counter. Noooo! £40 down the drain, no dildo and silicone rubber all over slowly hardening. In my urgent state I run and pick up the dish cloth and begin scrubbing. This stuff is a bitch to get up. I need to use a knife to scrape it off. I've got as much of it as I can and finish off with a wire brush and wire scrubber, but not nearly all of it has gone. I put the knife, the dish cloth and the wire scrubs in the sink to clean them. When I empty the water it appears that silicone does not mix with water, rather it sticks to the surface of whatever container it is in.


I attempt to rid the remnants of hard, dried silicone rubber but it's all over my hands and soap just won't budge it, another fuck up: I didn't wear gloves.


So I have now spent the day with the remains of silicone rubber on my hands as I went for my appointment at the bank, and a good portion of my kitchen and some of its utensils will not be rid of it. How do I explain this to my mother?


Tl;Dr: DIY dildo becomes dickish crime scene.