Very recently, I was travelling in Wales with my girlfriend, her sister and her sister's 2 young daughters, aged 10 and 6. We were driving around on a very hot day, in a stuffy, cramped car. I was sitting in the back, next to the 6 year old in the middle, and the 10 year old on the other side, while my girlfriend was in the front passenger side, and her sister was driving. 

We were about an hour into the drive and I was feeling a bit unwell. My stomach was churning and I was feeling light headed. Also the music on in the car was a Disney CD, on repeat. It was like one of Dante's circles of hell. My gf's nieces were squealing with delight at the horrendous music being played on repeat, and I was losing the will to live. Also I couldn't put the windows down, as these brats kept complaining that they were too cold, so the car was unbearably hot.

I became aware of the strong urge to fart, but because of the close quarters in the stuffy car, I didn't want everyone choking on my personal bum brew. So I held it in as long as I could, also I wasn't sure just how safe it would be.

After a while this became unbearable. I waited to see if we were going to stop soon, but it didn't look like it, so I had no choice but to let it out as discretely as I could. So I leaned forward a little bit, and I felt the warm gush of air silently bubbling out of me. It lasted for almost a full minute, my gf's sister picked up on it while it was still in progress. 

It smelt terrible. It was even viler than I thought it would be, you could taste the richness of it on your tongue, you could feel it overwhelming your palate. My gf's sister asked, 'who was that?' There was no answer. Both girls in the back were silent. Because it was lingering so long, she assumed it was more than a fart. 'Did either of you have an accident?' Both girls denied it, until the 6 year old suddently burst into tears. 

This was like an admission, so the car was abruptly pulled over at the next rest station, which was thankfully close, and both girls were dragged out to use the toilet, even the 10 year old, who was silent all that time. They were dragged to the toilet to get their pants checked. I said I needed to pee so I jumped out too, headed for the gents, peed and checked my pants too (they were thankfully clean). When I returned, we waited for another 15 minutes before my gf's sister and the girls returned, the 6 year old still crying, with reports of clean pants.

Why she was crying I don't know, as we continued the drive, she was still sniffling. We got to our destination half an hour later, driving in silence, no music, no talking, with the windows down. It was bliss. I talked to my girlfriend later on about the crying and she explained how she had an accident in school recently, and she kept denying it, she sat in class with smelly underwear and denied it constantly, even when the teacher discovered what she had done. She must have been crying because it reminded her of the telling off she got for lying about it last time.

TL;DR I farted in a car with my niece, she got blamed for pooping herself.