Ok so here I am 17 years old ( I'm currently 22 just stumbled upon this sub and thought Fuck it ) any ways I'm a normal nice guy you know the kind with a hundred close lady friends but never actually dating them because I'm "too good a friend" or "like a bro to them" whatever don't care. Meet this girl "Magenta". She's cool as hell and sexy to boot . Except She's got a fucked up thumb. It's like smashed and miscolored. Anyways on to the Fuck up. Going strong for 3 months with kisses and makeouts finally I'm hard as granite for days on end nsfw pics and gifs aren't doing it... I need the pussy. So I simply ask. No joke "wanna have sex tonight because I'm hard enough to please fuckin Marianas trench". 
"Hahaha yeah let me shower and we'll go Fuck in your car" 
Brilliant. Sex insues. virginity over. L words shared. 

Two days later I get a text...
 "please come outside."

Fuck she's preggers hell no sorry catholics. 
"Hey what's wrong" 
Silence.
"Why Did I need to come out here?"
Silence.
Enter "Butch".... Seriously most stereotypical lesbian butch ever. She come over and asks if I've been hanging out with "magenta"
"Yeah we've been dating for 3 mon-"
Without warning I get punched directly in my giant half black nose. When I can see again the two are screaming at each other and I have no idea what's going on. I walk back to my porch when "Butch " jumps the stairs and grabs a shovel and starts swinging it at me ... Welp I'm not proud of what happened next .... I ran away like a sacred animal. My 4:48 mile time was too much for miss softball catcher. 

Turns out "magenta" and "Butch" had been dating for two years and I was a 3 month side job. FML 

TL;DR  I lost my virginity and my partners lesbian lover kicked my ass .

EDIT: Damn! This blew up! A little clarification. My FU happened by not realizing she was already in a relationship. She was never prego. Nor did she think she was. It was simply my first thought. If this belongs in another sub please make a suggestion. Anyways, thanks for the love Reddit. I'll probably post my first kiss/car accident story later today. 