Just a heads up, I wrote this last night, but couldn't post it until now. 

This week, there was a thread on /r/askreddit asking divers if they've ever masturbated during a dive. Being a curious sort, I decided today that I would get some firsthand experience and answer that thread. I am not an accredited diver, I've got a friend who has equipment who is also not an accredited diver. We know the basics from a SCUBA class we spent exactly one day in during a vacation in California. It was a three-day tourist course.

At about 10:00 PM MST, that friend and I snuck out in a boat onto the terrible, disgusting, depleted, freezing cold Bluewater Lake in NM. I realize the temperature is going to make things hard, but I wanted to jerk it underwater, and my friend was interested in knowing how it went, so with no dissenting voices it seemed like a good idea.

Equipment check was fine, probably. Suit was fine and surprisingly warm. It's measured for my friend, who is a larger fellow than I, so it's a bit loose everywhere but the hands and feet. Air wasn't 100%, but more than enough to tug one out. Temperature was GOD AWFUL but science needed to be done. Visibility, also pretty bad. We didn't bring headlamps just in case there are lake cops who want to stop us from bashing the bishop underwater. We do not come to this lake often, we do not know. Experience, ehhhh, not important. I've got a rope tied to a toolbox in the boat for tug (heh) signals and to pull my way back up with. I've got a raging hard-on and everything is okay. I dive in.

It's not bad when I get in. The wetsuit is keeping me pretty warm. I've heard about the bends so I don't go deep. I don't have one of those things that keeps track of your depth. (Is that even a thing or did I imagine it?) ANYWAY, I get deep enough that I feel satisfied with calling it a "dive" and not just "I wanked in a nasty New Mexico lake with my head underwater." I can still barely see the underside of the boat without a headlamp. Time to get to work. I open the weird hip zipper. FREEZING February water floods into the loose suit and my genitals invert themselves. I start shivering immediately, it is the most unpleasant feeling I've ever felt. BUT I AM DETERMINED. I squeeze my eyes shut, keep my feet kicking to maintain depth, and think of the hottest shit I can manage. I tug (heh) the rope under my arm cause I need both hands for this. The texture of the gloves actually helps.

Did you know it's really hard to maintain a boner in cold water? I don't know the temperature of the water I was swimming in, but it was cold enough that I would go limp the very second I stopped focusing. This happened 3 times. It's not a good feeling to go blueballs 3 times in rapid succession while your balls are probably actually turning blue from the cold. My fourth attempt is cut short when it becomes VERY hard to suck air out of the air thing. I think I'm out of fucking air. The feeling of suffocating when you're holding your breath is way more preferable to the feeling when you've emptied your lungs into the air thing and can't fill them all the way back up. I tug (heh) on the rope like it's the last thing I'll ever do. This was the only signal we had, tug like crazy if you're dying. My friend tugs (HEH) back, he's pulling me up. Suddenly cumming is the last thing I remember. It kind of hurt, like when you've overworked your bone on an off day and it's just exhausted. 

Here's what I was told happened next. I stopped tugging on the rope. Friend was pulling me up. I must have sunk deeper during my concentration cause it took longer than he expected. He pulled me up with my dick (which had experienced some... shrinkage) hanging out and my balls nowhere to be seen. He gave me CPR right there in the boat, said I didn't even cough up any water and suddenly come to and say something romantic like in the movies. I actually woke up in the car on the way to the hospital. Right now I'm in the ER for hypothermia! Did you know they give you all the coffee and hot chocolate you could possibly want? Did you know they basically force feed you godawful food bars that are just flavorless sugar and fat? The doctor is sure hypothermia made it too hard for my lungs to pull air from the tank, not that the tank was too low. They were shocked I didn't fall unconscious during the 1 hour from the middle of the lake to the hospital. Either way, I'll probably be fine once this goddamn shivering stops and my dick reappears. This is probably a really long post but writing it is all I have to do until they say I can go home. Sorry!

tl;dr: ~~tried to jerk off~~ technically jerked off underwater, ended up in the hospital.

Pre-posting update: dick is slowly re-emerging, balls still MIA.

Post-posting update: LEFTY HAS RE-EMERGED, EVERYBODY. THINGS ARE GONNA BE OKAY.