This is a fresh fuck up so bear with me. 

I woke up about an hour and a half ago at about 6am as usual. I was browsing reddit on my phone trying to wake up and get on with my day when the forces of hell took over my stomach seemingly out of nowhere. I had to evacuate my bowels and I had to do it now. 

I waddle out of my bedroom with my butthole clenched so tight you couldn't hammer a nail through. Salvation was only a few steps away until I heard and realized the shower was on. My roommates both take ridiculously long showers. My heart sank and my bowels howled in rage. 

I walked over to the kitchen and quickly went over my options. Do I knock on the door and ask him to hurry up? I did. He said okay. I went back to the kitchen. Do I shit in the sink? No we prepare food there. 

Maybe I can place a couple paper towels on the deck and assault them with my butt butter.

The dam that was my anus was struggling to hold back the coming storm. I had to act now. We live on the third story of an apartment with a deck that's surrounded by buildings and trees.

I open the door, squat up on the wooden fencing and position my lower half over the side and without a second thought, unleash the hell spawn that had taken over my intestines. Hours of fermenting, watery shit falling through the air and into the concrete below.

An ear piercing shriek cut through the air followed by a dog whimpering. My downstairs neighbor who I had spent a couple weeks flirting with was now staring right into my brown starfish that was still relentlessly producing diarrhea right on to her Pomeranian mix. 

She broke eye contact with my fart factory and looked deep into my soul with the most sadness I had seen any human express. I'm sitting on my bed. I'm not sure I can go to work.  

TL;DR: I shit on my cute neighbors shitty dog.



UPDATE: So I got a call at work from my roommate who was home today. Apparently the cops showed up and said that someone called in saying that someone from our apartment had assaulted their dog. Is this legal? How can I be identified by my stink eye like that.

Also, to those of you saying I should have pooped in a trash can; This poop had the spread of a 12g shotgun. There was no way a measly wastebasket could contain the butt blast that happened. My back deck is fairly enclosed by trees so it wasn't like I was out in public. I figured since it was raining it would be washed away by the time someone went out there. 
