I live in an apartment complex in the heart of a college town surrounded by fraternities on both sides. As expected, they have parties every weekend but it's not much of an issue because they end it by 11PM to follow noise regulations. However another tenant in my own apartment complex seems to have missed the citywide memo and continues to throw parties well past 3AM. The music is so loud, its as if the walls between or complexes don't exist. Last week, in the midst of studying for a dental school block exam, I decided that I can no longer tolerate the noise and called the cops... Upon my request, the cops came and disbanded their little party giving them a warning that there is a fine associated with not following the noise ordinance. Problem solved right? This week they had a party again, this time even louder than last week. Being the loser I am, I stay home on Saturday nights to study. After enduring the noise for 2 hours, I decided 1 AM was the cutoff. I walked out to make sure that the noise is coming from the right apartment. Just as I walk out, the door from the noisy apartment opens and I see the tenant. I came up and politely asked her if she could lower the volume. Immediately, I can see that this drunk chick was able to piece the pieces in her head and deduce that I was the one who called the cops last week. "Absolutely. Oh I'm so sorry. Please don't hesitate to let me know when our noise gets out of control and next time don't go straight to the cops.", she said. It was a bit awkward but I was glad we were on the same page. She lowered her music and I was able to study. Fast forward 2 hours and I am fast asleep from the entire day of studying. I hear a loud knock on my door and a drunk guy screaming "KEEP IT DOWN!". He laughs to his buddy as he scrambles off. Now like clockwork, someone is running by my door and screaming "keep it down!" every 20 minutes, each time someone new.
TLDR: Called cops on noisy neighbors, became target for dozens of vengeful, drunk college kids.