This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons, but this is something that just happened a couple of hours ago (or I guess over the course of the past couple of months)

A little background information: I just moved in to a new studio in LA. It's pretty small and the building and plumbing is pretty old. The 70s, in fact. 

So lately I have been a little "lonely" and have been practicing having an orgasm by myself more than usual. For some reason, I decided that my sink would be my final destination. No big deal, I've done that before. In addition, like any person with facial hair, I have been shaving over my sink as well.

However, a couple of days ago I noticed that it was taking a long time for my sink to drain. After using the sink last night for teeth-brushing in such, I found that this morning it had not completely drained. I was a little nervous that it had something to do with my white hot fireworks display every once in a while that takes place in my sink, but I was hoping it was a different reason. So I called up maintenance.
This is where it gets kind of gross.

I called up maintenance and he starts kind of digging around to see if it's a problem he can fix without tearing stuff apart. "Yep, there's a lot of hair in here" he said, with his finger down my sink hole. I was a little relieved, thinking: *Okay, someone with long hair who lived here before most have clogged it and it's catching up on me.* WRONG.

After a second he pulled out his finger, and it is covered in black hairs (face and pubes, seemingly) covered in that mixed-with-water chunky semen. My face turns bright red and he tells me that he needs to go grab a bucket.

He comes back a few minutes later and pulls apart my pipes, when this HUGE chunk of the gross, brown semen-hair mixture comes pouring out into the bucket. Putting aside the disgusting visual of it all, instantly my 450 sq. ft. apartment starts smelling like sewage. I am on the verge of puking and I can hear the maintenance guy mumbling *Jesus Christ* under his breath.

I sat down and didn't speak a word to him other than repeatedly saying thank you and I'm sorry, but he was really kind about it when he left. I'll be sure to give him a tip next time I see him around.
