This little gem happened when I was 18. (It happened two years ago now, but I think it's worth sharing here.)

So, I was *that* kid in high school who really desperately wanted a relationship. Most of my good friends were in these exceptionally long-lasting relationships, and I was pretty much a 5th/7th wheel most of the time. That shit got to me. 

I would whine to my mom a lot of the time and ask her what made me so undesirable that I couldn't be in a relationship like that, too. (I discovered later on that there were **A LOT** of reasons for that, but I'll save those for another time.)

My mom would always say, "Son, wait until college. High school just isn't your time."

When I finally went to college a couple years back, my body was ready. I said, Fuck it. *I will become a new college man. I will slay college poon. And maybe, just maybe, I will find the college girl of my dreams.*

Flash forward a couple months, and I'm seeing a girl. We'll call her Karen. Now Karen and I had been seeing each other and hooking up for about a month. Nothing serious. But I wasn't seeing/hooking up with anyone else. I don't think she was, either.

Anyway, our hook-up sessions were getting progressively more intense by this point. What started with brief kisses standing up quickly morphed into extended make-outs laying next to each other on the bed. This was already a lot of kink and frisk to take in for a prudish high school virgin like myself. 

But this time was different. Things got hotter and heavier than ever before. Karen was laying on her back. Instinctively, I pick my body up and lower it on top of hers. This shit was fucking happening. I slowly and hesitantly place my hands at her sides. She seems amused. Blood racing, heart beating, I glide them ever so slightly underneath her shirt. *I'm touching bare skin now, holy shit!* She's still amused.

Then, I know what to do. I glide my hands up her shirt and under her bra and until I'm straight-up feeling some A-cup boobies. Satisfied, Karen leans into me and kisses me quite passionately. I was aroused. I was erect. I was into it. Sex could happen, but this moment right here was all I needed.

But all of a sudden, I feel an all-too-familiar warm, stuffy sensation coming. I open my eyes and stop kissing. I stop everything all at once. My erection shrunk faster than Rick Moranis could shrink the kids. Instead, I look petrified at Karen's face.

Karen blinks her eyes open and asks if everything is okay. But it didn't take long for Karen to *feel* what had happened. 

In the intimate moment, I nosebled on her face. There were traces of noseblood all across Karen's left cheek and forehead.

Thankfully, she was nice about it and got me tissues and made sure I was alright. But needless to say, I never felt Karen's boobs again after that day.

TL;DR Prudish college boy virgin touches girl's boobs for the very first time. Could have sex. Nosebleeds on her face instead. No sex.


EDIT: Wow, it's crazy how this post blew up. I definitely wasn't expecting all of this. A couple things I want to clarify. 

1) Karen was actually very nice about the whole ordeal, and it wasn't actually because of the nosebleed that we stopped seeing one another. It was mostly because of my next point.

2) I met my current girlfriend a matter of days after this story took place. I realized almost immediately upon meeting her that I connected with her on a much deeper level than I ever connected with Karen. So, it was me who broke things off with Karen. Not my bloody nose.

3) I was very naive and innocent when I first entered college (and still am now). I wanted my story to reflect my mindset at the time.

4) At least at my college, "hooking up" refers to most intimate physical activity that is NOT sex. Sex is just called sex.

5) I'm glad to know my story is basically an anime. 