So this happened some time ago. Probably 7 years ago and it still haunts me to this day.

It was New year's Eve. I lived in the city but during holidays, it was a tradition to visit my hometown and spend the holidays in there. In the province, I have a lot of cousins, dumbfuck cousins who are most likely qualified to become a member of jackass. Hours before midnight, we were already drunk and some of my cousins decided it was now time to play with the firecrackers. Now this is where it gets silly. We were all goofing around with the firecrackers, lighting one up and throwing it at one another then we run away from it, laugh, and do it again. Now our house is beside a narrow river so we have a small bridge beside our house that connects to the other side of the road. On the other side of that bridge is another house, a little house that doubles as a food shop.

It was all fun and games, we decided that it was fun to stick those triangular firecrackers in the crevices of the bridge and light it up. When it explodes, it shakes the bridge and we laugh about it. Those firecrackers that was supposed to be lit up then shoots towards the sky and explodes are being lit up laying down on the other side of the bridge while some of us stands on the other side. Fuck yeaah bowling style except the bowling balls are firecrackers and the bowling pins are humans.

For the finale, my cousin took out this firecracker that I believe is the devil reincarnate. It was the size of baseball with pure gunpowder inside. This shit is scary, when it explodes, it literally shakes your inside, it rips car tires to shred. So before the night ends, we lit two of those. BOOM! HAPPY NEW YEAR! bla bla, we exchanged drunken pleasantries and called it a night and went home. That doesn't sound so bad, right?

Morning came and when I woke up, there was a commotion outside. Lots of people are looking down the river and in the bridge. When I went to see what's going on. I shat myself.

The MOTHERFUCKIN FOOD SHOP ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE BRIDGE IS MISSING. 
A lot of the furniture and items in the house are now floating or is now a furniture owned by the fish at the bottom of the river. Investigation results says that the soil underneath the house was already loose and it gave in. Thankfully no one died, the people who owns the house is on vacation.

As for me and my cousin, other than mother nature, we believe that we also have a hand on that incident, we never spoke about it and we console each other by saying that it was better that way, that we made it happen sooner rather than later and someone might have died.

tl;dr: played with firecracker on new year's eve, helped mother nature demolish a house beside river.