I fucked up earlier in the week by submitting this story on a monday. So yes, this is a re-submission. 

And In true TIFU I'm going to admit this didn't happen today, it happened exactly one week ago.


To be blunt, me(M23) and my wife(25) have been looking for new and exciting ways to spice up the sex life. We've tried some pretty freaky/awesome things lately but it wasn't until very recent my wife expressed interest in wanting to take our two person show on the road...and boink in a public place. Happily, I agreed and told her ill try to find an opportunity.



Fast forward to last saturday; we were at a local sporting goods store trying to find my wife some of those "nike-pro" shorts that she like to wear to her dance classes. It was a bit of a drag until she went to the changing room and started to try them on. 

Now, at this small(ish) town sporting goods store, there is a fitting room for every clothing section in the store. Men's, women's, junior's, etc. So we rush off to the appropriate sections room. 


Just to reiterate; I am a man at the peak of his sexual prime, watching his smoking hot wife try on shorts that don'r exactly leave anything to the imagination. Of course things were going to start to throb. So I call out casually to my wife, "hey hun, is there anyone else in the changing rooms?" to which she answered "...no?"


Like any falla would, I creep right into the changing room and creep right in to my barely clothed wife. 



Here's what didn't occur to me at that time:


My wife, although a couple years older, is actually pretty small for her age. She stands at about 5'2" and weighs a hefty 105 lbs. Because of this, she is actually able to get away with buying clothes in the junior section, a section that usually for tweens and teens, and we are currently boning in it. 



This didn't bother me until about 2 minutes into our romp when I hear someone push open the saloon style doors to the fitting room and call out "Alright, everyone's going to be measured out there, and then come into the changing room to try on uniforms!"

Mortified, my thrusting stops in fear of what's about to happen. Then, one by one I hear girls come into the changing room and start opening stalls and be guiding through by their adult chaperons. These girls sounded fucking young.


Apparently a local middle schools volleyball team was coming in to place and order for custom uniforms with the sporting goods store, with guidance from their super-mom coach. 


About 10 minutes and about a million attempts made at opening out stall, we start to devise a plan on getting the fuck out of there. We were only able to come up with two choices: 

1.  We both walk out at the same time, face the  the thousands of looks of horror from the girls, super-moms, and employees and get the fuck out of there never to be seen again

2.  My wife heads out first, explains the situations, and I'm able to get the fuck out without people thinking I was there playing the role of town pedo. 


We chose #2.


Like Leonidas walking out to face the king of a powerful empire, my wife emerge from the stall and finds the closest super mom. The exchange was as follows:

Wife: "I'm going to be honest, my husband is in this changing room and needs to leave without making anyone feel uncomfortable.

Super-Mom: "What on earth is he doing!?"

Wife: "That's not important. What is important is that these girls leave the room or something so that none of them feel uncomfortable with him leaving."

Super-Mom: "that's disgusting! I could call the police!"

Wife: "and tell them what? That some random people were fooling around in the changing room and are long gone now!?"
*Me snickering in the background

A couple more minutes of that ended with all the girls being told to get dressed really quick and leave the room.


Then the walk of shame ensued. Well, more like a quick shuffle of shame, in front of a million pre-teens, super moms, emplyees, and random ass shoppers. I was met by the manager who asked me not to return to the store.


Worth it. 


The day ended with some mind-blowing nookie. 


TL;DR: Got caught porking my wife, became a spectacle, have to find a new place to shop for sporting goods.


Thanks y'all