Circa 2002.

I was living in China for a year or so at the time, studying Chinese, enjoying student life and discovering what the world had to offer.

There was nothing going on this evening and my fellow dorm mates had already gone to bed, I decided I’d go in search of the elusive happy ending.

I hailed a taxi, and in my broken Chinese, I asked to be taken to a place that offers ‘special massage’. The driver seemed very happy to oblige and without much thought, took off into the night with me nervously sitting beside him.

Upon arriving I was not too enthused. The establishment looked like it had been closed for years and resembled the kind of place people might hold illegal dog fights. There was a single green light shining through the main door, so I proceeded to open and enter. I was greeted by a gentleman with absolutely no facial expressions who sternly asked, “what do you want?”.

See, in China at that time, there weren’t a lot of foreigners living and studying as I was. To add to that I certainly didn’t know any others who were taking strange taxi rides at night to unknown destinations, so I kind of expected to get that kind of reception from people.

I replied to the man that I was looking for a massage. I said it with a smile on my face, hoping he might pick up on my subtleness. He ushered me into a changing room, told me to get naked, put on some slippers and go through the door at the end of the changing room.

I’ve always been a little uncomfortable getting naked in changing rooms and this time was no different. But I wanted to see what lay beyond the door, and I figured that being naked was my ticket to potential pleasure. Boy, was I wrong.

I dropped my clothes and belongings into a locker and proceeded through the door at the end of the changing room. I pushed through the door with confidence and it opened up to a completely white tiled room with a bench around the entirety, open showers, and what looked like something you might see in a horror movie in the middle. It was a large white tiled box about 6x6 ft and 4ft off the floor with a drain in the middle that looked like it was there to collect blood from a slit throat. Lets call it the slaughter box.

There were probably 15 men inside who were also naked, sitting on the benches around the room, and when I entered they all completely went silent and stared at me like I was an alien from out of space with 4 heads and 8 legs.

I’ve never to this day felt more awkward than I did in that moment. I wasn’t scared, but I just felt like I couldn’t be in a more uncomfortable situation. That was, until an old man approached me, took my hand and started leading me to the slaughter box.

The old man had a sort of glove on his hand that looked like a mitten covered in steel wool. He motioned for me to lay prone on the box, which I did, then he proceeded to pour small amounts of water on me from a bucket that sat nearby. Once I was good and lathered the steel wool glove started its magic. He rubbed me down, starting at my shoulders, and I remember looking at the water flowing past my face seeing dead skin flowing to the drain in the middle. Didn’t feel too bad, and I thought to myself how nice that all that dead skin will be removed from my shoulders.
He then continued down my back and didn’t stop when he reached my asshole.

He cleaned my ass the way a butcher might clean a cows colon before being sold to a hungry carnivore. I was flipped over at one point and he didn’t miss one spot on my body. Lying there on my back, he was deep in my groin, making sure there would be no dead skin on my balls, shaft, gooch or anywhere else.

All the while the 15 men in the room never took their eyes of me. It was the most brutal 10 minutes of my life having that old man exfoliate my body with such a captive audience. When he was done, and I’d been washed down, my red raw exterior was quite a sight. I sat up off the slaughter box, looked down at my feet, mustered the energy and courage and went back through the door into the changing room.

Got changed back into my clothes and went back to reception where I was charged the equivalent of USD$3. I then stood outside in the freezing snow for 20 minutes waiting for a taxi and contemplated what had just happened. Went home and slept like a baby.

TL;DR - Went seeking for a happy ending massage and ended up have balls, ass and penis rubbed down by old man with a steel wool mitten.
