So I'm in Ethiopia right now on a holiday to visit my family. I'm from Australia though but anyway. It's around 9 when I wake up. As usual I do my morning rituals and I ask my aunt what she's made for breakfast and then she replies "here's 20 Birr (Ethiopian currency) go buy whatever you want." So I take the money and get my shoes and head out the door to satisfy my rumbling tummy with the fine foods that this nation provides. So I decide to go to a restaurant I went a couple of days earlier where they served a delicious omelet and had a basket of complimentary fruits on each table. I'm finally there and I go take a seat at one of the tables. I order the same omelet and juice and the side veggies that I ordered they other day. I finish my delicious meal and feel satisfied. I pay for my meal and then just before I leave I say what the heck and take an orange for the hell of it. 


Bare in mind that I'm in Ethiopia so there are many wild animals on main roads and streets. So I'm walking home and then I noticing a goat. I'm looking at the goat and I immediately know there's something wrong with it. I approach it and think that maybe it's hungry. Oh what a coincidence, I have an orange for him. I peel the orange and then I don't want to toss in on the ground as the orange may get dirty so then I hold it in front of him and feed it to him. As soon as it takes its first nibble I can feel a rush of energy come through it. I assume it's the sugar that is giving it energy because he seems more active then he was before. This is when shit got real. It went for 0-100, REAL QUICK. It looked at me strangely for about 10 seconds and I was also confused. All of a sudden it's started yelling like a fucking, well, retard. This is when I shit you not, it's starts chasing me. Imagine this. A 17y/o black kid, 5'9, 220pds, getting chased by a fucking psycho goat in the middle of a fucking busy road. Yep. It's ridiculous. So I'm just running from this bloody psycho animal and i am running my arse off. Eventually I give up. I turn around. It's tackles me. My pants tear at the groin area, somehow. I have no clue how but it just did. After this happens I go home all dusty and my Aunt says, "where the hell have you been?" I tell them my story and they just laugh at how stupid the whole thing was. 

