I'm going to preface this story by saying I'm originally from the Caribbean (Barbados) and most of the food we eat is inherently spicy. I'm going to go into some detail here so if you are squeamish I suggest you don't read on. So, I do a fair amount of traveling in my line of work so I eat out pretty much every weekend. This particular weekend I was in a city called Kingston, ON where there was this nice little English pub which where my colleagues and I decided we were going to eat. I really wanted to get wings as I was in the mood for something spicy but I also wanted a burger so the waitress suggested that I eat this burger called the widow maker. I scoffed at the name.. "Pfff widow maker I'm from the Caribbean, we have some of the hottest food on the planet, how hot could this possibly be?" After reading over the ingredients, (suicide sauce, spicy ketchup, spicy sausage, jalapeños, banana peppers and some sort of spicy cheese) I figured  that it didn't seem like it was going to be THAT bad. Fast forward and the burger arrives at my table. I take the first bite.. OK.. That IS pretty spicy. I hadn't even gotten into the jalapeños yet which were freshly cut with the seeds in. It took me about 30 minutes to finish this thing and it was the hottest thing I have ever eaten in my entire life. I could not feel my tongue and the tissue in my mouth and my esophagus felt shredded. That's not even the worst part. Fast forward to the next morning and here is where it get so much worse. The morning shit. Before I sat down on the toilet I knew something wasn't right in my stomach.  I started the evacuation process and it felt like I was being penetrated by Satan himself. It was barely solid and felt like I was peeing hot sauce out of my ass. I finish and go to wipe. Blood. Lots and lots of blood. I feel sorry for whoever had to clean that up because it looked like a murder scene in there even after several flushes. I chose not to go to the hospital out of sheer embarrassment. Luckily it worked itself out and I was good after a day and a shit ton of pepto.

Tl;dr - Ate an insanely hot burger that made me shit a lot of blood.

EDIT: To those saying I don't have a tolerance for spicy foods.. You're wrong. Also edited spiciest to some of the spiciest. Sorry to the spicy food enthusiasts.

EDIT 2: Obligatory thanks for front page! Glad my ass could brighten your day. Also the name of the restaurant is the Merchant Tap house for those of you asking.

EDIT 3: Thank you you for the gold kind stranger!