Some people wanted the full story so here it goes.

   Yesterday, August 15, 2014, A younger me was walking through the halls of the college about to go to my dorm when suddenly, I stumbled upon my friend (let’s call him Fred). I asked Fred if he wanted to come with me to the store to get some chocolates and flowers followed by a trip to a fancy restaurant to call my reservation later… because guess whose 2 year anniversary it was. 
  

We get to the store and I went to the chocolate and candy section and looked at all the variety of the selections. Unaware of my fate in which will happen in a matter of 2 hours, I decided to get this fancy foreign dark chocolate which came in a nice plastic package wrapped in a bit of thin cardboard and a piece of ribbon as a finishing touch. I was gonna go all out on chocolates this year as it’s apparently a set precedent between us now. I took two of them to take one for myself to taste and eat and proceeded to head towards the flowers section. I asked the clerk for a dozen daffodils because she loves the scent of it. Me and my buddy left the store and dropped him off to his dorm and I proceeded to go to the restaurant and checked my reservation for a 6:30 dinner. All’s well and nothing could possibly go wrong on this perfect day.


  I drove back to the college and visited my theatre director and saw my girlfriend talking to him about the upcoming production blah blah blah. I stepped out and saw her friends waiting there, I didn’t see them the first time. So I come out with the flowers and chocolates in my plastic bag and encountered them in the hallway. So they greet me and say the usual, “Aww, how sweet of you.” And I respond saying it’s just a pre-dinner present. My first eff-up was telling them there’s gonna be a bigger present after dinner. They laugh it off thinking it was a joke. It wasn’t. I bought some rubber from the store as well thinking I was gonna get it later.

  I stepped out of the hallway for a little bit and went on like the outer area of the building and whipped out my phone. I heard a slight chatter from behind me as I put the phone in my ear, dialing my mother. The girls were about to step out of the building and didn’t know I was just outside the door (by the way the exit door doesn’t have windows on that part of the wall). I saw my gf walk out first and saw that firm buttocks of hers and lifted my left hand while my right hand was holding the presents and my phone. My left palm approached her behind and –- stop. Some background info time.


  My girlfriend is easily startled. That was also another fuck-up. For four years I’ve known her and she is easily startled. A dog barking would make her jump when we’re walking or something. I shoulda known. Anyways, I was on the phone, distracted and I didn’t think that quickly. That day she was wearing short denim shorts and a white blouse-ish top and carrying her purse on her left hand. She’s also the kind of person who holds their shit and only releases the mudfall when it really has to come out, yeah you know you are one too. Back to the present.


  Ftpp. My whole hand made a decently loud, “typical high-five” impact on her behind and the next thing I heard was a light squirm and the sound the movie soundbyte of a hundred ketchup bottle being squeezed empty at the same time (okay that might’ve been exaggerated). Next thing you know, there was a slice of wet chocolate cake being mushed inside her shorts and some slowly drip down on the floor. Her friends let out a huge gasp while we all stood there. My mother talking to me on the phone waiting for me to speak. I was speechless as well thinking, “What have I done.” Her legs are somewhat covered in droppings and she also just stood there frozen and looked up at the sky hoping it was a dream. About five seconds after the incident came showers of apology from my mouth while grabbing her stuff to get them of the way, her friends went in front of her asking if she was okay. She was still kind of looking up, almost crying if I remember correctly, just breathing in and out. I didn’t know what to do; I didn’t wanna be the asshole who caused the issue and not do something about it, but I also didn’t wanna get in there. Like, am I supposed to clean that up like I would clean up a baby’s diaper? So I told her, “Let’s go to the bathroom.” We were very fortuitous because there was a nearby bathroom to where we were standing and the next nearest bathroom was on the other building. I look at her and her jeans were darkened a little bit. She and her friends walked in the bathroom while I went to grab the stuff on the floor outside. This was at around 5:50 – 6:00 so that part of the building was a ghost-town. I picked up the flowers and chocolates, they were still intact and clean, and I got her stuff. I brought it inside and asked one of the girls to watch the stuff while I asked her roommate escort me to their dorm to get another pair of trousers. 


  We come back with another pair of underwear and brought some jeans this time as well as another top for her. The two other girls were outside the bathroom and told us that she’s there alone trying to clean it up. I asked to go in there while the other girls stood guard. I went in the lavatory and asked her if she was okay and that I brought clean clothes. I set them on the counter and gave her some privacy to clean up. I was gonna bring her a plastic bag to put the dirty clothes in there but I left the gifts in the dorm room. Another fuck-up. I asked the girls if they had any lying around, sadly none. I went outside again and called the restaurant telling them to cancel my reservation because there’s no way in hell we we’re gonna go there now. The short drive from the college to the dormitory was awkward for the five of us. No one spoke, the radio was off, and I just drove us to the girls’ dorm room. The other girls went into their own rooms and I told them I got this. We entered the dorm and she saw the chocolates and daffodils on the dresser and said, “Aww. Dark, I love it.” I was dumbfounded myself. It seems as if she just chose to forget that incident just happened.


  So to those who asked, no we didn’t break-up. We slept it off and discussed between the five of us never to discuss this again (so I’m the asshole by telling the story) and plus, she’s got dirt on me too, but that’s another story that won’t be told ever. We’re going to our anniversary dinner later at 6 PM again. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. And no, I will not post pictures &gt;:O. Thanks for reading my fuck-ups, and don’t complain because it’s not as grand as you expected it to be because you guys asked for the whole novella.

P.S. How do I indent?

**TL:DR**
Slapped my gf's ass in front of her friends. She shat herself.

edit: I'm new to this subreddit. Apparently I should save the full story and post it tomorrow. I feel welcomed :D