Okay, so this happened last year but as I've only recently joined Reddit I'd thought I'd post this.

My name is Brad and at the time my two best friends were a boy called M, and a girl N, and we'd been inseparable for years. We'd always joked about having the threesome but at this point I was a virgin. 

One night we're at N's local pub, and we get absolutely wasted and decide that the night is young and we should go for a walk down the canal near the pub. The area is secluded so we sit down to star-gaze and eventually we start three-way kissing (not an uncommon drunk activity for us at the time). 

This turned a little heavier and before you know it we're both simultaneously knuckle deep in N and well on the way to the joke becoming a reality. Eventually, amongst the moans, N gasps "I want both of you to fuck me" - a sentence that two 20 year old best friends rarely ignore for long. 

Knowing I was a virgin M tells me to go for it, so after attending to N for a little longer I drop my pants, and with all enthusiasm, proceed to lose my virginity to one of my best friends, as she is sucking on my other best friend's dick. Not a bad way to lose it you may think. 

The threesome is going brilliantly, me and M do the cliché eiffel tower and high-five over her back because you have to right? after we high five, M's eye flicker down towards my junk, his face drains of colour and he quickly mutters "shit man there's fuck load of blood!" 

I pull out to find my rapidly softening dick POURING with blood. I'd somehow managed to split my foreskin right down the middle. We then rush me to hospital, by which point I was feeling faint from lack of blood (and alcohol) and spent the night in a minor surgery ward with the specialist warning I would probably have to go for an emergency circumcision. 

In the end there was no harm done and I was let home at 5pm the next day with a bandage round my fella and a wounded ego. Before I left I got talking to the guy in the bed next to me who turned out to be a cancer patient, after explaining my story he winced and said "fuck man! and I though I had it bad" - made me smile i must say. 

I see the funny side of it personally, and think it's a great story about losing my virginity. Even better I now have a weird battle scar on my cock when it's hard and I think it looks quite dashing haha. 

TL;DR Lost v-plates with two best friends &gt; ripped foreskin in half and spent night in hospital &gt; Survived with battle scars!

EDIT: Cleaned up the formatting and added my name to clear up some confusion