So let's set the scene. My girlfriend has been away working. While away working, she got a kidney infection. She had to work through it and when she got home, she found out her dog was being put down. Now this is traumatic enough. But she was also misdiagnosed by the doctor, who gave her the wrong antibiotics. A weekend of sever stomach pain and crankyness passed. Then after getting the right antibiotics on Monday, she goes home to relax, stands up from the couch, and breaks her foot. Off to the hospital she goes. I spend the whole day at the hospital, the whole evening with her, trying to console her. She can't visit her sister and best friend in London. Very distraught. The next day I embark on a mission to cheer her up. I decide to bring her down my laptop and hard drive so we can watch movies. Typical wet Irish summer day and I slip and fall on my laptop. The LCD display of my 1,200 euro Samsung Laptop is obliterated. Ah well. No Movies. I decide to hang at her house and help her mind her nephew. Me and the nephew begin roughhousing and I end up swinging the boy of six full force into Girlfriends cast. Tears. Shouting. Shrieking. Door slamming. House-kicking-out-of. I leave the area for a few hours and return with plans for a surprise trip to the cinema. Surprise trip is going well! Tensions are low, and lovey-dovey-ness is up. As the movie starts she finishes off a text and I playfully knock her Google Nexus. Nexus decides to engage jet mode and crash onto the sticky popcorn riddled floor of the cinema. Cue the longest three seconds of my life as she reaches to the phone and flips it over. The screen has shattered gloriously, great arks of darkness spread across the display. I have destroyed her phone. She refuses to speak to me for the whole film. And for most of the car journey home. I leave her house, after a half-assed goodbye, I was afraid of damaging anything by staying too long. i also forgot mention thats she super stressed because today she recieves the test results that determine whether she goes to colleg or not. And she has no phone. To ring relatives. Or friends. Shes not talking to me. I fucked up.

tl/dr: I went full Retard on my maimed Girlfirend. 

UPDATE: This has kind of exploded in my opinion, thanks to all, Im glad I provided some laughter. To answer some questions, I gave her my phone last night and Im writing this on my Samsung laptop hooked up to a monitor. Also the phone has gone in for repairs and Im paying. Thanks to that dude for the awesome Sketch lol. Girlfriend did indeed get her course. So shes happy over that. Im meeting her at a party in a while and ill be sure to let ye know how this ends up. Thats if she makes it to the party. Fingers crossed. In fairness, shes an awesome chick, and Id love if the universe would rethink trying to split us up. Cheers Universe.

UPDATE 2: Confirmation coming soon. I aint no bullshitter.

UPDATE 3: Thursday morning now. I still cannot believe my luck continues. Well this really is my fault. Last night we tried to go clubbing, even with her foot. But i got absolutely nasty drunk. We got a taxi, I puked in it. Kicked out. She had to walk on crutches all the way home.Im pretty sure Ive been relived of boyfriend duties. Confirmation is on its way. I cant get any photos because she has my phone. I really feel like a piece of shit. 


CONFIRMATION: The Klutz [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/sGhuJwj)
The Girlfriend [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/xu1Lymh)
The Laptop [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/gu5YJic)
The Happy (unlucky) Couple [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/WckI4ks)

I am not in fact a samsung promoter. I just like this laptop. Im glad this story made people laugh. Im also glad i got gold, and that I was on the front page. If my run of bad luck continues, ill be sure to let you now. 
Yours faithfully, Boyfriend Klutz. 