Before I start, I may aswell sum up mine and her relationship. Known each other since we were kids, had a great friendship, had a few times we tried dating here and there, none really worked out. Still amazing friends, I ended up dating her bestfriend for 2 years before splitting with her 9 months ago...  And now I've just slept with her. Let's call her Cee.


So anyway, literally just happened just over 24 hours ago. Was out on Saturday afternoon, decided to go hang out with Cee. We are both nearly 20 now, so it's safe to say it's been a while knowing each other. She invites me out to a family bbq, to which I say "why not" as I've nothing else planned for the weekend. Cee and I have had chemistry over the years but since we had grown up I thought it wouldn't cause any dramas


Fast forward to the night, we decide to get "shit faced" because we have not yet been drunk together, which is strange for us (believe me). Bear in mind this is the girl who tells me about everyone she's slept with, what she liked, dislike... I know everything about her. I'm like the gay bestfriend yet... Not gay. Anyway, we are getting drunk, I'm enjoying the night and so is she, then it starts getting a bit heated. She appears to be trying to kiss me with her family around (again, family known for a good time so I was a bit antsy), to which she suggests I stay at hers on the sofa! Woohey! Haven't gotta go home pissed, result! 


Fast forward to midnight, her friends giving us a lift home, we stumble in (by this time we had been all over each other), lay on the sofa... Then the unthinkable happens... Cee and I just begin to lay down together and we start going down on each other... One thing lead to another and we are fucking like the high school lovers you see in any nsfw college porn clip. I won't lie and say it wasn't good... It was great, but almost immediately after... she started crying... She was getting upset and not long after, she asked me to leave... So there I am, walking the 40 minute journey home with a cock trying to escape my jeans, thinking what on earth did I do to do wrong, feeling like I've hurt her or, insulted her or something, feeling like a giant sack of shit.


Now it's Monday, we have barely spoken, and I'm paranoid I've hurt her. I think she feels that I'm going to fall deeply in love with her (which won't happen), and she's scared it will ruin this great friendship.... Any advice redditors? 


Throwaway for obvious reasons.


TLDR: Fucked best girl friend of 12 years, she cried, walk of shame home at 2am with my dick trying to gasp for fresh air.

UPDATE: Decided to message her, just the casual "how you feeling?" kind of thing... She's just received it (messenger thank you), we shall find out soon, wish me luck...

UPDATE2: So... I'm not sure if it's what I expected but after a bit of chatting, she seems alright. Funnily enough we have thrown a few jokes about it out there already... Still not sure what made her upset though, but she definitely seems better. Will see how the convo goes... Sitting in my car at the moment so apologies for the typing...

UPDATE3: So.... Took the plunge, grew a pair, and called her... Had to find out why she was upset and make sure all was smooth. Brought up the question, she seemed a bit annoyed with herself but anyway... She said she's happy it happened, and enjoyed it,  but she was upset it happened in the way it did (took us both getting drunk). Although I agree... I asked her was that it (I know we have had some form of serial tension for years... It was bound to happen but I wasn't sure this was just the reason...)

So... She explained that a guy she had liked for a while (that I knew of, well I knew she talked about him a bit)... She feels she is actually falling for him and feels that me &amp; her sleeping together may of ruined this. She said she felt so guilty that she rang hin the second I left... I said to her that, she's not cheated, and all is cool between us... I encouraged her to give him a call after I hangup, she clearly likes him, I'm gutted that she feels upset with it. Ended the chat with saying I'll be there to support her regardless... And said she shouldn't feel bad because her and this guy aren't even togrther. I think she's fallen for him, and fallen hard... I feel like I've cocked this up? I'd rather just see her happy...

UPDATE4: Mixed messages on here have driven me nuts. I'm going over there to find out what's actually going on in her head, hoping she can be honest to my face if she's not so far. Wish me luck.

UPDATE5: Home sweet home... Right, time to sum it all up. So, some more info on the story anyway, she is at uni, lives about... 140 miles from me (when she's there), but she's home for the summer. This new guy is the guy she's spent her first year of uni, basically with.

Anyway, enough of that. Finally met with her face to face. Literally just said, "Look, be honest with me, are you being truely honest with me or are you wanting me to chase you"... kinda thing. Anyway, she said she'd thought about us getting together, but it'd be too confusing (trust me, we're trainwrecks by default). We know each other inside out, quite frankly she knows my next move before I do and it scares the shit out of me. I'm not sure dating her would do either of us good, but fuck it, we'll probably end up together.

She did clarify a few things for me. She feels like an asshole for asking me to leave, she thinks her step dad overheard (yikes!), and she doesn't remember some of the funny parts. Other than that, we literally just laughed about the whole thing. Laughed it off. Look guys, I appreciate those saying "She clearly wants you", but as far as I'm concerned, if she's cool with it so am I. We always get on each others nerves anyway. We'll see how her new boyfriend/maybe/whatever he is pans out, and hey ho... it might go to shit! Who knows, but at least she's being cool with the whole thing, and honestly I'm cool with it too.

Oh, also, she kind of admitted to me that she knows she can just click her fingers and get me whenever she wants. OP needs to grow a pair and stop that.