So this happened last year but I thought I could still share.

So it was finals week and for my English class, we had to give a business presentation. It was the morning of the presentation and I had stayed up really late preparing for it. Every morning I take Vyvanse to help with my ADD, so just like every other day I took one. I also have one of those weekly pill organizers that I keep my vitamins in so I took those too and I headed to campus. I went straight to the library to practice and get some coffee. I got an "Eye Opener" which is a large coffee with extra espresso in it. I sit down and start drinking the coffee and start going over my notes. I notice my palms are pretty sweaty but I just assume it is from being nervous. Then my feet start to sweat. Then my armpits. Then I realize what happened. When I filled my vitamin container the night before, I decided to put my Vyvnase in there to make it easier. I have now taken 80mg of Vyvanse (when I normally take 40mg) and have had about 4 cups of coffee worth of caffeine. I have ingested enough stimulants to kill a small horse. 

It has been about 2 hours now and the Vyvanse and coffee are in full affect. I am sweating so bad that when I walk my feet slide around in my shoes and the tips of my fingers were blue because the sweat is causing the blue lines on my notebook paper to come off. I was in the fucking zone and was so hyped up about this presentation. It's time to go give my presentation so I put my headphones on and start blasting some hardstyle music because that is obviously a good idea when you have to calmly give a presentation. I get to glass and realize the grading rubric I was holding is now ruined. My sweaty hands have smeared the ink all over the paper and it's starting to get wrinkly from being wet  but I still have to give it to my professor. He looks at it and says "Did this get wet?" I looked at him and said "HAH! Gotta do whatcha gotta do." I sit back down and wait to give my presentation to the class.  Freakout mode is now fully engaged and I want to do everything in the world. I start coming up with designs for a new aquarium filter that I assure myself I can make millions on. My mind is all over the place. My name gets called and I pretty much run to the front of the room and start getting people excited like I am about to give a sermon to a 5,000 person mega church.  "Y'ALL READY TO HEAR THIS PRESENTATION?!" My partner gets the presentation up and I decide to say fuck the intro we planned, I need to motivate these people so they will like our business idea. "IMAGINE STAYING IN A BUNGALOW ON THE COAST OF THAILAND WITHOUT A WORRY IN THE WORLD. BUT HOW WILL YOU GET THE MONEY TO DO THAT, RIGHT? I'LL TELL YOU. BY OWNING ONE OF OUR PORTABLE SMOOTHIE STANDS AND HAVING SOMEONE OPERATE IT FOR YOU! YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO ANY WORK. IT'S LIKE FREE MONEY." This has now gone from a presentation on our fake company to a full blown sales pitch that was a mix between a Billy Mays commercial and a Vector Marketing pitch. My partner takes control of things and gets us on the right track. When it is my turn to speak again, I open my mouth and it is so dry I could barely speak. My lips kept getting stuck together and I kept accidentally whistling. I somehow managed to make it through the rest of the presentation and immediately left to go get a drink. I got my rubric back after the end of class. I am normally very quiet in class so I guess I caught my professor off guard because he wrote "Who was that?" in the comments section. 

Next time, I will double check my pills before taking them.

TL;DR: Ingested enough stimulants to kill a heard of moose and then tried turning my final presentation into some sort of crazy sales pitch but still got an A.

EDIT:To the people saying that I am being dishonest about acting like this because 80mg is a prescribed amount, medicine affects people differently. A few people are saying "well I take 70mg and don't act like this". How you act on 70mg has no correlation to how other people may act on 70mg. Try doubling your dosage and ingesting 3 times the amount of caffeine you normally do, I promise that you will act very different.

EDIT 2: If you want to get weird too, hardstyle can help. [Project One- Life Beyond Earth](https://soundcloud.com/francisca-catalina-vargas-cisternas/project-one-life-beyond-earth)