I have four children I have to get out the door every morning for school. It's a struggle everyday and I can say with confidence that it doesn't get better from PreK to 5th grade, crossing my fingers for 6th grade...but that aside.

My darling son is almost 5 and is adamantly opposed to wearing underwear. His father compromised, saying he didn't have to wear his little Ninja Turtle briefs to bed. But when you give a kid an inch, they always take a mile. This morning, my son claims that he doesn't have to do what his mother says because, "My Dad doesn't wear underwear!" Kid, I've been washing your father' broke down skivvies for over a decade....he most definitely wears underwear. I tell him to get his butt upstairs and put them on. And that was the last on the subject, as I was in a rush so I didn't check to make sure he did it, but apparently he did not do as I said.

Flash forward to early afternoon at B&amp;N, little dude is not acting as he should in the checkout line. I get up to pay and he runs away, I chase him down, and stomp back to the counter angrily muttering that he'll never play Minecraft ever again. I plunk him on the ground next to me and his pants hit the ground showing the cashier, every person in the sizable line, and poor innocent little girls my sons cash and prizes. My son thinks is HILARIOUS and starts cracking up laughing and screaming,"I don't wear underwear!" I quickly pay and escape the judging faces..we are now sitting in the food court while I'm typing this on my Ipad. He's playing Minecraft and I'm a terrible parent.


ETA: I made it to the front page of Reddit!Thank you for allowing my kid and I to gain some Internet notoriety. I guess it's time that I say, yes, I shouldn't have given him the kindle to play with. I was flustered and embarrassed, so I wasn't thinking clearly. We all have our moments and fuck ups as parents. I know I'm doing just fine all around, he reads and writes way above his age level and is a sweet and empathetic little boy.

Looks like I also have to add that my kid didn't intentionally drop his pants, my watch pulled them down as I was placing him on the floor.

I will accept any parenting advice on how to get him to stop sucking his fingers...I am definitely at my wits end there.

