TIFU by getting Reddit banned in Russia
TIFU after applying for over 30 jobs.
TIFU by encouraging female ejaculation [NSFW]
TIFU by trying to be funny.
TIFU by using a toilet wrong my entire life.
TIFU by peeing too hard
TIFU by buying a bottle of wine at the movies
TIFU by throwing my steak out a window
TIFU by enraging the parents of my girlfriend by pretending not to know what a potato is.
TIFU by posting for three years and just now realizing I've been shadow banned this entire time.
TIFU when I saw my friends sister
TIFU my whole life. My regrets as a 46 year old, and advice to others at a crossroad
TIFU By having gay sex with my cousin when i was 6 years old and attempted to casually bring it up now that we are adults.
TIFU by knifing my son.
TIFU by pretending to be gay
TIFU by going on a date with the wrong stranger
TIFU by picking up a hitchhiker and then showing up to my own funeral
TIFU in court.
TIFU: By Smiling at a Girl on the Bus
TIP my wife into believing in magic! (That long con)
TIFU by pulling a prank on my family
TIFU by pranking my Sister-in-law
TIFU by lying on a Google Survey
TIFU by out-farting a cabbie on the way to the airport
TIFU by peeing in a cup for my doctor.
TIFU by killing someone just by typing "4600" instead of "6400"
TIFU by falling for an optical illusion.
TIFU by going over to "cuddle" with a girl I met through Tinder. (NSFW)
TIFU by doing sit-ups every night [NSFW]
TIFU by ignoring the no fraternizing at work rule and had a SWAT team called on me.
TIFU by being Santa.
TIFU by having one leg.
TIFU by checking my body for ticks [NSFW]
TIFU by trying to be clever during an interview
TIFU by using the Chipotle app
TIFU by probably ruining a girl's life, forever, via Capture the Flag.
TIFU by trusting a "hot local single in my area" on a dating app.
TIFU by trapping a girl in a revolving door
TIFU by offering Doritos to a military police officer.
TIFU by pranking my roommate my scrambling all his eggs, putting the scrambled eggs back in the carton, and telling him he bought "Pre-Scrambled Eggs".
TIFU on a Job Interview that went well until the final goodbye....
TIFU fingering my wife.
TIFU by recording porn of myself when I was a teenager and then forgetting about it
TIFU by accidentally participating in one of the worst public break-ups I'VE EVER SEEN.
TIFU when I tried to facebook creep my boyfriend's ex girlfriend
TIFU by sleeping over my girlfriends house
TIFU by changing my husband's desktop photo.
TIFU by being open minded. [NSFW]
Tifu by showering with my wife.
TIFU by showing my erect penis to my girlfriends entire family
TIFU by showing my dad Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
TIFU by Referring to my Dad as "My Father"
TIFU by trying to get a piggy-back ride.
TIFU by believing Kung Fu works in real life.
TIFU by pleasuring myself in the shower(NSFW)
TIFU By Being a Wiseass to a Canadian Border Agent
TIFU by cleaning my son's room
TIFU by blowing on my food
TIFU by taking my 3-year old daughter into the men's room
TIFU By kicking a kid with Down syndrome in the face
TIFU, and wasted 10 years, by eating Chinese food 25 years ago.
TIFU by injecting Viagra into my penis
TIFU by watching porn with my girlfriend
TIFU by trying to scare the wife with the kids.
TIFU by having a lapse of concentration at a revolving door..
TIFU by falling asleep with my girlfriend on her parent's living room couch.
TIFU by wondering what would happen if I opened up the Keurig while it was brewing my coffee.
TIFU by putting butter on my popcorn in Europe
TIFU By Telling my HS Biology Teacher That She Had a Nice Ass
TIFU by getting a school locked down because I was trying to protect it.
TIFU by accidentally sexting my girlfriend's sister, and discovering she has a crush on me.
Tifu by running down the stairs nude.
TIFU by 'sucking' at my job.
TIFU by ruining a $300,000 piece of art
TIFU by letting my boyfriend finger me
TIFU by scaring my wife.
TIFU by staring at a girl
TIFU by writing the word "Fart!" at random places in a co-workers Post-It notes for the last 4 and a half years.
[meta] So many "TIFU" are becoming humblebrags now. The NSFW tag is becoming equivalent to clickbait.
Tifu getting pricked by a dirty needle...
TIFU by giving the middle finger to someone who honked at me on campus.
TIFU by not wearing any clothes
Tifu and almost died
TIFU: Taking my wife to see the new Ant Man movie.
TIFU by throwing an orange at a homeless man
TIFU by using a pedal as my push to talk
TIFU. Seriously. The most earth shattering awkward moment of my life
TIFU by getting a haircut
TIFU by being too damn loud
TIFU by trying to race undercover cops
TIFU by making a "your mom" comeback
TIFU by telling my 4y/o I need a new girlfriend!
TIFU by not proofreading my cover letter to Harvard
TIFU by going to a yoga class.
TIFU by telling my wife about parallel universes and infinite possibilities.
TIFU by using a fake name with an escort.
TIFU by accidentally creating 33 million folders on my desktop
TIFU: Broke into my neighbours house.
TIFU by pushing the mystery button
TIFU by drinking too much Mexican tequila (NSFW)
TIFU by getting my sister in law pregnant.
TIFU by calling my dad a terrorist.
TIFU by explain to a girl how Tinder dates work while my dick was in her mouth
TIFU by showing my dick on Chatroulette
TIFU by setting the wallpaper on a school computer to a picture of a sloth.
TIFU by angering a two year old.
TIFU by answering the door in a towel (you can probably guess where this is going, but stick with me it gets worse)
TIFU by proposing to my gf
TIFU by not knowing how to deal with a girl having a crush on me.
TIFUpdate letting the corporate holiday party become the best night of my life NSFW
TIFU by thinking the girl I brought home from the bar likes reddit
TIFU by telling my son the wrong thing as I tucked him in.
TIFU by ordering bird shit in France.
TIFU by losing my wedding ring in my wife's asshole
TIFU by telling my father in law how well I Fuck his daughter.
TIFU by not knowing my own name until I was ten.
TIFU by not getting the joke before I told it to my kids.
TIFU by stripping for my doctor
TIFU by making animal noises with my kid
TIFU my childs life (NSFW)
TIFU by making a funny face at a kid on the bus
TIFU by making a dark humor joke.
TIFU How I glued my ass cheeks together
TIFU by joking around about our dog's favorite toy.
TIFU by having a one night stand
TIFU by sucking in my stomach to appear skinnier
TIFU- Today my boss asked me if I was doing anything special for New Years Eve,
TIFU thinking my coffee was extra gritty
TIFU by Punching my 5 year old in the face and knocking him out
TIFU by not masturbating (NSFW)
TIFU by going on a Tinder date (I'm paralyzed &amp; use a wheelchair)
TIFU by hitting on my own fiancee at the gym
TIFU by defending my girlfriend
TIFU by creating a porn site when I was 9
TIFU by having my heart-rate while masturbating clearly displayed on a graph to my dad at 11 years old (NSFW)
TIFU by trying to seduce my husband
TIFU by taking a smoke break at work
TIFU by leaving my reddit account logged in on a school computer.
TIFU by urinating on a girl
TIFU by asking my hairdresser for a blowjob.
TIFU by going to my work meeting after ruining a $300,000 piece of art
TIFU: By not understanding what "vanilla" meant.
TIFU by riding my bike into my friends
TIFU by joking with a customer
TIFU by hugging my professor
TIFU by translating a lesbian's tattoo for her
TIFU by looking at a girl in the work out shirt
TIFU by attempting to save two very small children from crossing a busy road
TIFU by letting a friend throw my hamster
TIFU by digging a hole to China.
TIFU by misunderstanding an overweight couple at work.
TIFU by milf hunting
TIFU by realizing that I hadn't even seen my computer's final form.
TIFU by leaving "courtesy paper" for 15 years.
TIFU boxing people's food for them
TIFU by handcuffing my girlfriend [NSFW]
TIFU by showing a girl my Seaman.
TIFU by throwing a house party. [NSFW]
TIFU By trading my XBOX for a Van
TIFU by planting a bean.
TIFU by drunk SnapChatting
TIFU by tipping my Starbucks barista.
TIFU by chopping onions in lingerie.
TIFU by applying to jobs
TIFU by forgetting about my skirt's zipper before I gave a lecture. (mildly NSFW)
TIFU by going to a party with my crush.
TIFU by vacuuming my anus
TIFU by waiting to use the toilet in the middle of the night
TIFU by getting my dick and balls waxed...
TIFU by asking a guy to show me his magic.
TIFU by looking at some cheerleaders
TIFU by buying a knife skin in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
TIFU by telling my brother that moths suck blood.
TIFU by torturing a plane full of people
TIFU by punching my glass desk bc I died in a game
TIFU by getting a wall in my bathroom patched up.
TIFU by cheating on Candy Crush and getting out of bed at 3am.
TIFU by scaring the crap out of my daughter
TIFU by going to a fancy carwash and accidentally kidnapping a Mexican dude.
TIFU by insulting a baby
TIFU by calling my mother and saying "I love you"
TIFU by assuming my window blinds worked perfectly. (NSFW-ish)
TIFU by pooping on people
TIFU by ruining The Giving Tree for a classroom full of Kindergartners NSFW
TIFU by helping a girl with her self confidence
TIFU by sitting too quickly on a slow closing toilet seat
TIFU by eating gummy bears on a plane.
TIFU by telling the wife it's a dick move to spoil Star Wars
TIFU By ordering loads of pizza
TIFU By Wearing Pants
TIFU by refusing to admit I was gay, and instead inadvertently being a horrible racist.
TIFU by getting an unknown substance all over my junk and on the bed. (NSFL)
TIFU by erasing the hard disk of the CEO of my company
TIFU by sneaking into my gf's basement, sleeping over and now hiding in the closet
TIFU by commenting on a Facebook photo
TIFU by sneezing while wiping my ass.
TIFU by telling my girlfriend she's ugly.
TIFU by deleting the company website
TIFU by making my good friend destroy her $500 phone.
TIFU by being a creepy pedophile at a middle school
TIFU by accidentally getting my best friends girlfriend to break up with him when I, as a prank, edited his "masturbation log" Excel doc that she forced him to maintain.
TIFU by rubbing a leaf against a wall.
TIFU: secretly eating mushrooms while my wife was asleep in a house full of cats
TIFU by telling my girlfriend she's worthless
TIFU by being a gentleman for my mom
TIFU by flirting with a girl on a bus...
TIFU by causing a school-wide panic.
TIFU by trying to prove my fake ID was real
TIP my stepdad
TIFU by telling a terminally ill friend that I was glad that she would die.
TIFU by inquiring to Apple about iButt
TIFU by going to a girl's house on my first ever Tinder date.
TIFU by cussing out a customer.
TIFU by giving my brother in law a massive erection and now my sister is pissed at both of us NSFW
TIFU by mixing two languages together
TIFU By holding a door open for a female co-worker.
TIFU by forgetting about cameras in 24/7 gym
TIFU by realizing I was supposed to go to college last week.
TIFU by peaing the bed
TIFU by knocking over a casket
TIFU by not planning for a blind date
TIFU by upgrading my Dad's Laptop to Windows 10...
TIFU by not stopping an innocent birthday party game
TIFU by buying a coffee and asking for a girls number who laughed in my face
TIFU by looking at my butthole in a mirror.
TIFU by talking down Apple products to my company's CEO
TIFU by overhearing my flatmate having sex.
TIFU by (not) asking my girlfriend if she has been pooping in the shower
TIFU by leaving my truck running while I ran into the gas station
TIFU by trying to save my daughter's life
TIFU by abandoning my gf (Olivia) and texting her: "F*** Olivia the basketball game is tonight."
TIFU by blowing off my hand (NSFW)
TIFU by asking my 4-year old cousin where her imaginary friend lives
TIFU by breaking four of my wives toes.
TIFU by accidently telling my boss I was excited to eat him out
TIFU by Trying Anal
TIFU by giving an ex a hug on Black Friday.
TIFU by calling out my student for sleeping in class
TIFU by playing with my wife's "dough"
TIFU by costing my company just under 3.5 million...
TIFU when our cat showed up to his own funeral
TIFU by browsing reddit
TIFU by sleeping in the bathroom at work
TIFU by telling an unsuspecting stranger that her daughter is pregnant
TIFU Today I fucked up by asking my 12 year old son if he wanted to Netflix and chill.
TIFU by not realising ive been subscribed to a Star Wars mmo for 4 years without playing it
TIFU by being a cop and calling the cops on a cop
TIFU by scarring my niece for life.
TIFU by masturbating at work [NSFW]
TIFU by watching my boyfriend play Surgeon Simulator.
TIFU by Discovering my Vagina [NSFW]
TIFU by saying "I'm pregnant" for April 1st
TIFU by teaching my Jr. High class how to drop a "That's what she said..." joke.
TIFU by using a butt plug, twice
TIFU by throwing a little person
TIFU by stretching during an exam
TIFU by farting into a gas monitor
TIFU by sending a photo of my husbands penis to his sister.
TIFU by pulling a gun on someone
TIFU by high fiving a US border protection officer.
TIFU by accidentally bleaching my asshole... NSFW
TIFU by petting a kitty.
TIFU by not scratching my husband's face
TIFU by staying up too late :(
TIFU by masturbating in the restroom at work
TIFU by convincing my Dad that 'Touching Tips' is the term used for connecting on LinkedIn
TIFU by thinking a funeral was a wedding.
TIFU by using a fake Australian accent when speaking to my waitress.
TIFU by doing my mom a favor. NSFW
TIFU by walking to school.
TIFU by masturbating right after surgery.
TIFU by piercing someones asshole.
TIFU by cracking my neck in class
TIFU by not realizing the consequences of a kitten's name
TIP my sister by convincing her she was invisible.
TIFU by thinking a mirror was a passageway to another room
TIFU by almost bringing the wrong baby home from the hospital.
TIFU by bringing the bomb squad to my high school
TIFU by going into teacher mode at the grocery store.
TIFU by telling my girlfriend that she should start waking me up with a blowjob. [nsfw]
TIFU by browsing reddit on the toilet.
TIFU by realizing ive ben drinking tea wrong my entire life
TIFU by ordering pizza on acid
TIFU by playing a ThinkGeek practical joke. The Canadian FBI was called and I nearly killed my 17-year career.
TIFU by calling my newborn daughter a retard
TIFU by disrupting my housemate's love-marathon...
TIFU by getting banned from a lecture for laughing.
TIFU By not reading the yearbook signatures..
TIFU by burning my house down.
TIFU by outing myself on the wrong day.
TIFU by peeing on a spider (NSFW)
TIFU by asking an angry customer if her blowjobs are freaky fast.
TIFU by being THAT girl in a library
TIFU by going to a guy's house for a first date
TIFU with my girlfriend
TIFU by telling a Starbucks barista that my name was Spartacus
TIFU by rinsing my food
TIFU by Eating Fun Dip
TIFU by not opening my bedroom door when my little brother knocked.
TIFU by running over myself with my wife's car...
TIFU by getting high, watching the new Parks and Rec, and sending an email to Chipotle.
TIFU by buying a game called Life is Strange to cheer a friend who recently broke up
TIFU by taking a penny
TIFU by telling some young patients to "Netflix and Chill"
TIFU by using my asthma inhaler
TIFU by putting my entire family to gunpoint
TIFU by answering the door in my pajamas
TIFU by trying shitty advice from Reddit (NSFW)
TIFU by shaving my chance to be in Star Wars VII off my face.
TIFU by keeping my daughter from drinking beer
Tifu by accidentally stealing a kid at Disney
TIFU by accidently calling my favorite teacher a pedophile
TIFU by asking a female coworker is she wanted a quickie
TIFU by air drumming in my truck behind a cop.
TIFU by being socially awkward and accidentally breaking into the National Gallery
TIFU by finding my sister in the bathroom
TIFU by pepper spraying an infant in the face
TIFU by deleting the entire mailing list acquired by my company at a trade show that we spent $6500 and 340 man-hours attending
TIFU by having a wet dream.
TIFU by not reading a christmas card.
TIFU by wanting to pet a cute doggy
TIFU by letting a Korean girl pretend to be my wife
TIFU by paying ransom to my brother's kidnappers
TIFU going to my girlfriend's parents house for dinner.
TIFU by letting my GF use my computer
TIFU by trying to save my roommate's car from being stolen
TIFU by handing food to brown people.
TIFU my first one night stand (NSFW)
TIFU by "No Balls"-ing my Father
TIFU by simultaneously ending world hunger and destroying the world
TIFU by yelling walk
TIFU by trying to show a co-worker how Teamviewer works.
TIFU by singing in the car
TIFU by accepting a Fed-Ex package in a towel
TIFU by ordering a Stripper for my 18 year old friends birthday.
TIFU by accidentally downloading Ransonware at work.
TIFU by cupping my Mother-in-laws vagina (NSFW)
TIFU by telling my german gf a holocaust joke
TIFU by dad-joking my wife
TIFU by not knowing a basic function of reddit
TIFU by going commando behind the bar I work in while the manager was stock taking in the cellar
TIFU by trying to slap my new gfs ass
TIFU by killing a baby spider in front of its mother
TIFU by sharting in my Mother in Laws face.
TIFU by laminating a pube into a customer's diploma.
TIFU by believing pickles were a thing for 14 years
TIFU by punching a tween girl
TIFU by blurting out a terrible answer while watching Family Feud
TIFU by freezing a coworker
TIFU by toilet training my cat.
TIFU by having my penis touched for the first time
TIFU by losing weight and going sledding
TIFU by getting my cleaning lady high as fuck
TIFU by inviting my horny friend to a house party.
TIFU by trading my XBOX for a van (UPDATE)
TIFU By not reading my junk mail
TIFU by having sex with my cousin
TIFU By telling my mom I got a $30 cheque from my Youtube Channel
TIFU by taking my underwear off (Not really NSFW)
TIFU by raging in traffic
TIFU by touching a basket in Michael's
TIFU by assuming my boyfriend is just a neat freak who likes to make me do laundry
TIFU by cussing out a telemarketer.
TIFU by brushing my teeth in the shower
TIFU by entrusting my dignity in a 5-year-old
TIFU by letting my brother take advantage of my yugioh card addiction
TIFU by breaking it off with a girl in a moving car.
TIFU - I ate a hot pocket and now my girlfriend thinks I'm cheating. FML
TIFU by trying too hard to impress my husband (a lighthearted tifu)
TIFU - by dropping coke 3 floors
TIFU by getting a vasectomy
TIFU by randomly picking a sushi restaurant in Tokyo
TIFU by leaving tifu on my screen at work
TIFU Mum thought I was smoking, got caught fingering a girl instead... NSFW
TIFU by buying a bar of chocolate.
TIFU by doing what my girlfriend asked
Tifu by popping a Viagra and trust falling onto my wife nsfw
TIFU by pointing out that my teacher is an alcoholic
TIFU by being the smoothest motherfucker of all time.
TIFU by (unintentionally) sexually harrassing a 16 year old while on my honeymoon
http://i.imgur.com/2CQ317E.gif
Tifu by drinking a Sprite
TIFU by not dating my cousin.
TIFU by meeting her parents
Tifu by becoming a Kinect Porn Star
TIFU by showing the postman my dick
TIFU while conducting job interviews.
TIFU by spending the night shinning a laser.
TIFU by taking my son with me to buy a car. Cops show up to investigate.
TIFU by forgetting I was naked.
TIFU by mixing five pounds of assorted jelly beans together.
TIFU by trying to be a perfectionist with my proposal...
TIFU talking to a girl.
[NSFW] TIFU: Trying butt stuff for the first time.
TIFU by trying to help out a family holding a "poor and hungry" sign
TIFU by going to Fight Club at Comic Con
TIFU by jerking off to my 'neighbor' masturbating NSFW
TIFU by testing some code
TIFU by practicing my voicemail message to my crush until it was perfect.
TIFU by dropping a shark into a tidal pool full of toddlers.
TIFU by being in the bathroom with a coworker
TIFU by cycling to school.
TIFU by showing my boss my phone
TIFU by trying to get with an exceedingly handsome guy
TIFU by burning down my parent's house
TIFU by letting a feminist parent bring in snacks to my 2nd grade class. NSFW
TIFU by forgetting girls wear tampons
TIFU by getting a whole lot of children drunk at a party my parents took me to
TIFU by low key impersonating Gollum whilst threatening my co worker
TIFU by giving my roommate my queen sized bed
TIFU by going on a Tinder date.
TIFU by opening a snapchat the very moment I received it
TIFU by setting up 2 dates, with 2 girls, on 1 night, who I had no idea happened to be best friends
TIFU: maybe I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer ...
TIFU by logging in to my wifes facebook account
TIFU by trying to go to India
TIFU by lying to my kids so that the wife and I could have sexy time.
TIFU when I accidentally humiliated my boss over the company intercom
TiFU by thrusting my hips *slightly* (NSFW)
TIFU by coming to college orientation early
TIFU by giving a homeless man some well-intended items.
TIFU by telling my girlfriend her noodles were delicious
TIFU by Causing a Bomb Threat at My High School
TIFU by nonstop farting on an airplane for 6 hours
TIFU by being honest with my GF
TIFU got horny while at the hospital, went to the bathroom to relive myself forgeting i'm on close pulse survailance.
TIFU by teaching a class of thirty children while on acid
TIFU by taking Ambien and having sex with my new boyfriend. NSFW
TIFU by getting engaged
TIFU by coming out at a gay friends party. I'm straight.
TIFU by installing the cloud-to-butt extension
TIFU by making my girlfriend my Pavlovian experiment.
TIFU by calling a kid a waffle
TIFU by letting my family know I was being kidnapped.
TIFU by Reading TIFU
TIFU because I tried to not embarrass my son but I made it worse. Much worse
TIFU by being a good girlfriend (NSFW)
TIFU by eating a bowl of peas out of mom's fridge
TIFU by trying to cope with my girlfriend breaking up with me by running to the ocean.
TIFU by being interviewed for the news
TIFU by having diarrhea while crawling through a tunnel 200 feet underground.
TIFU by trying to stop the itching... [NSFW?]
TIFU by soaking a child in my urine
TIFU by having an orgasm at the nail salon.
TIFU by panicking while giving head [NSFW]
TIFU by using my gas bill to save for Christmas
TIFU by giving my girlfriend a gorilla mask
TIFU by getting my first tattoo
TIFU by not wanting to show a girl my flaccid dick
TIFU by potty training my daughter. Possibly NSFW
TIFU by making and detonating a bomb at school
TIFU by calling my interviewer gay.
TIFU by having 9 kids
TIFU by letting my girlfriend play the Sims 3
TIFU by telling someone a joke who can't take a joke
TIFU by getting too close to the lion at the zoo
TIFU by trying to wax my own vagina
Tifu by ...just read ..the story.
TIFU by getting kinky with a moth
TIFU Request.
TIFU by thinking I actually had superpowers.
TIFU by nearly killing myself on New Years Eve NSFW
TIFU by rushing my brother in a GameStop.
TIFU I'm a middle school teacher and I just made myself look like a moron in front of 200 junior high students (The context is below in the text of this)
TIFU by unzipping my friends hoodie
TIFU by jogging with my sister
TIFU by taking a nap at my best friends house. NSFW
TIFU by trimming my pubes [NSFW]
TIFU by making out with my shower.
TIFU by fart blasting my kitten off the bed.
TIFU by trying to flirt with ten different girls at the same time
TIFU by posting a text on FB that may have ruined the rest of my holidays
TIFU by realizing I had been spelling my own name wrong my entire life.
TIFU - Not Getting a DNA Test
TIFU by Redditing at Mcdonald's.
TIFU by creeping on a girl in the school library
TIFU by cheating on my girlfriend, accidentally.
TIFU by stepping out for a cigarette
TIFU showing a bit too much to prospective tenants.
TIFU: I Accidentally Mocked My Fat Friend
TIFU by making a joke about my sister's FU
TIFU by visiting a prostitute [nsfw]
TIFU: By Getting Into A Stranger's Truck &amp; Driving Between State Lines Before Noticing
[NSFW] TIFU by Falling Asleep During Sex
TIFU by forgetting I had drawn a face on my penis and then going to a doctor's appointment.
TIFU By showing up at a friends house uninvited. [NSFW]
TIFU by calling the mother of my friend a lower class prostitute.
TIFU by calling my crush a slut
TIFU by calling my girlfriend fat
TIFU by losing my phone...
TIFU By Stabbing Myself and My Son
TIFU By ruining a girls first day of highschool
TIFU by teaching a horrible thing to my autistic brother
TIFU by telling a colleague I love him.
TIFU by pranking the wrong people.
TIFU by allowing lustful guests to use my bathroom.
TIFU by pissing off a squeaker.
TIFU and almost died in a humiliatingly stereotypical way.
TIFU by getting chased by a giant flaming spider.
TIFU by trying to scare my boyfriend
TIFU by quoting Archer in a team meeting
TIFU by cooking bacon with no pants on. (NSFW)
TIFU by realizing I've been cooking rice the wrong way for almost forty years
TIFU by opening my mouth and saying 5 words
TIFU by laughing hysterically at a poor old woman answering nature's call.
TIFU by convincing my wife that I loved children
TIFU by Redditing on the toilet.
TIFU by using the same password everywhere
TIFU by pulling out too fast.
TIFU by being on reddit in the shower.
TIFU: Didn't listen to the doctor and forced...
TIFU by taking a video of my ass hole
TIFU by unknowingly exposing my flaccid manhood in front of my entire class.
TIFU by leaving my reddit account signed in on my gay friend's laptop
TIFU by confusing names in an overly conservative Arab family
TIFU: by telling my daugther that girls rule and boys drool
TIFU by licking out my girlfriend
TIFU by implying I am a paedofile at a job interview.
TIFU When 4th grade me accidentally showed my parents' homemade porn to the entire class.
TIFU. My mum still doesn't look at me in the same way.
TIFU by yelling at my girlfriend's cat
TIFU By Swiping Left
TIFU by trying to turn a piece of coal into a diamond
TIFU by defeating the Elite Four at the worst point in a very important conference call.
TIFU by reporting a speed trap on Waze
TIFU by wearing a sex toy as a bracelet
Today i fucked up by having 2 hours+ of foreplay before trying to lose my virginity.
TIFU by investigating the woods behind my house.
TIFU by demolishing the wrong house
TIFU by running over a bald eagle with an ambulance.
TIFU by jacking off under my skylight.
TIFU by injuring myself by looking at a pretty girl.
TIFU by being Severely Colorblind.
TIFU by having to break into a girls house I just met
[UPDATE] TIFU by accidentally emailing my dad a video about father/son incest with the subject "we should do this".
TIFU, really FU by not checking the bathtub. .
TIFU by chasing a girl
TIFU by stapling all my organic chemistry notes to my dining room table.
TIFU by using my police handcuffs on a girl while having sex
TIFU by eating pepper spray at work
TIFU by ruining a sweet 16
TIFU by "out thinking" my kittens.
TIFU by fondling a strange girl and not taking the hint.
TIFU by almost giving myself surgery [NSFW]
TIFU by thinking out loud. [Short]
TIFU by avoiding the color purple for three years.
TIFU by taking a screenshot of a snapchat that wasn't meant for me
TIFU on a first date
TIFU by thinking Shia's "DO IT!" would be a good alarm clock.
TIFU by trying to be extra sexy for my boyfriend NSFW
TIFU by accidentally telling my parents I lost my virginity
TIFU Called my GF fat using physic terms
TIFU by helping ruin my son’s life
TIFU by electrocuting myself with a sex toy and being sent to A&amp;E
TIFU by taking a shower in my parents bathroom.
TIFU by mishearing my little sister.
TIFU by shining a laser in my brother's butthole...
TIFU By letting my son watch "Transformers"
TIFU by trying to speak french and instead speaking pizza
TIFU by laughing at a large black man at Subway
TIFU by showing my friend texts between me and a girl
TIFU by farting next to my dog.
TIFU by masturbating to a snapchat.
TIFU by teaching my 4-year-old the phrase "godless liberals".
TIFU for life by sleeping with a hot 19yo girl
TIFU by disrobing my date (NSFW?)
TIFU by telling a woman Malaysia is a country
TIFU by trying to buy yogurt
TIFU by yelling "ALLAU AKBAR" at work (short)
TIFU by puking on a pigeon.
TIFU by buying a man's lunch anonymously.
TIFU and was fined for multiple false alarms to the police
TIFU by making my girlfriend believe i didn't exist.
TIFU by battling Pokemon with a random kid in a department store.
TIFU By Unknowingly Masturbating In Public For Years
TIFU by telling a "joke" during dinner
TIFU by not masturbating for over 2 months (NSFW)
Tifu by selling a 15 year old girl my used phone with nudes on it
TIFU by attempting to print over 18,000 pages.
TIFU by kicking my husband in the balls.
TIFU by agreeing to look over a report (NSFW)
TIFU on a Job Interview that went well until the final goodbye.... (UPDATE)
TIFU by thinking a co-worker was just being loud
TIFU by trying to have hammock sex
TIFU by dying at the doctor's office, pitching a tent in front of a bunch of women, and forcing a fireman to carry my erect body.
TIFU by pretending that the man sitting next to me on train this morning was my wife.
TIFU by checking facebook at my daughters school
TIFU- By Giving a Homeless Man about $500
TIFU by stuffing shit covered toilet paper into my mouth (nsfw)
TIFU by slapping my teacher's ass.
TIFU by dating two chicks I met on tinder
TIFU by studying for finals
TIFU By ejaculating on my dad
TIFU by throwing fries at a rude customer
TIFU by bringing my mom to the Apple Store
TIFU by shaving my beard...
TIFU by finding the worst shit on my buddy's laptop
TIFU when meeting the parents
Tifu By Hugging My Girlfriend.
TIFU with the worst save ever
TIFU by telling my girlfriend that I masturbate to her bikini photos
tifu by trying to be sexy
TIFU by offering to share porn with my 14 year old son
TIFU by checking my grandpa's history
TIFU by accidentally introducing my 10 year old brother and family to Hardcore Porn on a flatscreen TV
TIFU by trying to tip a cab driver generously
TIFU by re-watching 4 seasons of GoT in a row while waiting for SS5
TIFU by thinking that I won $5,000 at a car dealership
TIFU by taking a picture of my boobs
TIFU By thinking a girl was calling me to come have sex...
TIFU By playing Binding of Isaac in school
TIFU by thinking that today was Labor Day
TIFU by teaching my down syndrome nephew to talk
TIFU by Larry Daviding myself out of a blowjob mid-blowjob. [NSFW]
TIFU by being blind for 4 years
TIFU by being deaf.
TIFU by hadoukening a ketchup packet at a random kid.
TIFU Sitting On My Ass Doing Nothing
TIFU by telling a girl that her fly was open
TIFU by leaving a conference call on while I went to pick up my wife. (NSFW)
TIFU by admiring a tattoo at the climbing gym
TIFU by taking a shower while "alone" in my apartment
TIFU by forgetting my reddit password for almost a decade
TIFU in the shower..
TIFU by giving my boyfriend a blowjob
TIFU by riding around in a wheelchair I found.
TIFU in the shower
TIFU by sexting my girlfriends sister and discovering she has a crush on me (Update as Requested)
TIFU By singing on a train. [NSFW]
[META] TIFU used to be super fun and elaborate stories of royal fuckups. Now, its all SEX
TIFU by laughing at a "Your Mom" joke
TIFU by laughing really hard at a Shrek joke during the first time having sex with my girlfriend.
TIFU by doing what r/TIFU warned me not to do.
TIFU by having my period and a preschooler
TIFU by masturbating on my wife (Perhaps NSFW?)
TIFU by talking to Mark Cuban
TIFU by accidentally discovering my husband has a fetish (if that's the right word):UPDATE
TIFU by going to the house of a female I met online
TIFU by making my entire class think I'm sleeping with my sister
TIFU by going on an OKCupid date. Ended up in Jail.
TIFU by driving through a puddle.
TIFU by texting my mother.
TIFU by causing a car accident because I was wearing a Burger King crown.
TIFU by letting my wife post an obscenely easter egged assignment to her students.
TIFU by calling my girlfriend fat
TIFU by sticking a suction cup dildo to my wall
TIFU by slapping the wrong ass.
TIFU by stapling the roof of my mouth.
TIFU by ploughing my girlfriend in her own home whilst her dad was in a closet with another woman
TIFU by bringing salt to a nightclub
TIFU by forgetting how to balloon.
TIFU by g-chatting my boss
TIFU by telling my girlfriend to leave the vegetables at home.
TIFU by telling everyone I have cancer
TIFU by mistaking myself for my identical twin brother.
TIFU by pretending to be a home invader (in my own home)
TIFU by talking about my tattoo to a Japanese tourist
[NSFW] TIFU by watching my mother give birth
TIFU by putting in a tampon
TIFU by winning the gold medal in the Special Olympics
TIFU by yelling at someone else's kids at the park.
TIFU by pulling a double-all-nighter
TIFU by masturbating in the bath
TIFU by thinking "secrete" meant to keep a secret.
TIFU by walking into my own home NSFW
TIFU by masturbating after school. (NSFW)
TIFU by inserting a dildo past my second sphincter
TIFU by waking up a significant portion of a small Midwestern town.
TIFU by pooping at my girlfriend's parents' house
TIFU by accidentally sending the text "You are one sexy momma, can't wait to fuck you. ;-)" to my mom instead of my girlfriend, Molly.
TIFU by bringing ghost peppers in to school
TIFU by forgetting I wasn't at work.
TIFU By Going to a Gay Bath House
TIFU by following the advice of a Redditor l
TIFU by shitting myself and ruining my surprise party
TIFU by yelling "f*ck off and get the f*ck out of here" to the CEO of the company I work for.
TIFU by asking my brother to feel my tricep.
TIFU by letting a coworker take a nap at his desk
TIFU by making an improvised vagina like I'm the Bear Grylls of cock sleeves.
TIFU by having sex with my professor.
TIFU by not asking for the perfect girl's number
TIFU by trying to stop my new puppy from barking...
TIFU by Giving my Wife a Bubble Bath
TIFU by using a pillow I found underneath my bed
TIFU by leaving the batteries in my vibrator..
TIFU by getting my work crush's number and losing it......twice
TIFU by dying the toilet water and my kids milk green
TIFU by taking a drug test
TIFU by not tapping the hood before getting in the car.
TIFU by claiming I had sex with a horse.
TIFU by offering my cousin butt stuff.
TIFU by going to a Thrift Store
TIFU by trying to scare my girlfriend.
TIFU by shitting in my cat's litterbox
TIFU: By "meatspinning" my mom.
TIFU waiting in line to a nightclub
TIFU by Kissing My Girlfriend
NSFW; TIFU by putting a vibrator in my ass.
TIFU by Instant Messaging my crush how I felt.
TIFU by not having a penis
TIFU by searching Amazon for Dildos
TIFUpdate... on forgetting my trousers for an exam
TIFU by getting into a fight with a fat naked guy
TIFU by pranking the most hated kid in school
TIFU by being a 3 year old
TIFU by lecturing a pregnant woman.
TIFU by getting kidnapped - probably NSFW
TIFU by overriding my mom and sister watching Netflix to show them my erect penis in 1080P.
TIFU by not knowing I was being hit on.
TIFU by teaching my co-worker anal.
TIFU by spilling black widows all over my living room
TIFU by taking advice from reddit
TIFU by telling my wife I have a crush on our friend.
TIFU by teabagging my wife.
TIFU by jumping into the middle of the Pacific ocean fully clothed and my wallet sank to the bottom, but something unbelievable happened!
TIFU by taking a sick day
TIFU By finally fighting with my boss about my pay the day i was going to get a raise.
TIFU by being a horny teenager.
TIFU by updating my phone and literally dying
TIFU by eating my sim card
TIFU by starting a serious dildo fire
TIFU by grabbing a stranger's ass then high-fiving her husband.
TIFU by underestimating Lycra.... (pre reddit fail)
TIFU by thinking I looked cute
TIFU by going on a run on Ambien... bitches get stitches.
TIFU by playing league of legends with diabetes
TIFU by playing my favorite board game
TIFU by studying for my history exam.
TIFU by buying a vibrating dildo on my dad's amazon account
TIFU By rejecting girl and then being rejected months later by the same girl.
TIFU by smoking at a friends house
TIFU trying to spice things up with my wife
TIFU by being too impressed with a YouTube video (photo of aftermath included)
TIFU by getting my finger stuck in a Target basket...(PICS)
TIFU by leaving my Poptart unattended
TIFU by cockblocking myself
TIFU At hair removal
TIFU by trimming my pubes before a date
TIFU by leaving the gaming chair I received for christmas in the middle of my living room
TIFU by thinking a grenade launcher wasn't loaded and pulling the trigger
TIFU by giving a dwarf a kids menu and a box of crayons at Pizza Hut
TIFU by making the right choice
TIFU by farting between 2 sneezes
Tifu by letting my gf take me home after having my wisdom teeth removed.
TIFU by barging into my sister's room
TIFU by not wearing any clothes into my boyfriend's house
TIFU by spraying my bathroom with dismembered ants
TIFU by saying 'excuse me' to myself
TIFU by losing $1 million dollars
TIFU thinking I was saving my friends life
TIFU by not moving my hand quick enough (NSFW, NSFL)
TIFU by having morning sex with my wife
TIFU by masturbating with the shower head.
TIFU by bringing my vibrator into class with me.. NSFW
TIFU by being sleepy and destroying all the electronics in my room
TIFU by shaking my penis in front of my girlfriend in the kitchen
TIFU by sleeping with my crush.
TIFU By accidentally pepper spraying my anus. [NSFW]
TIFU by visiting a massage parlor in China (NSFW)
TIFU by butt-slapping a doctor while being butt-naked myself (mild NSFW)
TIFU by playing paintball
TIFU by tapping it on the train.
TIFU by taking a poop at the beach.
TIFU by watching a guy cheat on his wife. (UPDATE)
TIFU by shoving a candy bar up my husband's ass [NSFW]
TIFU by accepting a beer from a beautiful woman.
TIFU by doubting my girlfriend's talent
TIFU by hitting a mentally challenged fellow with Wal-Mart carts.
TIFU by giving my BF the grapefruit blowjob for VDay - NSFW
TIFU by using Raphael's Nick-name
TIFU by starting a war with my neighbor.
TIFU by killing my puppy.
TIFU when I turned down a $20,000 raise
TIFU By 'hacking' my teachers computer
TIFU by drinking juice
TIP a cop by blowing an insanely high blood alcohol level in a random breath test.
TIFU by taking my mom to a comedy club.
TIFU by microwaving an egg.
TIFU by giving a stranger butt-coffee
TIFU by giving my boyfriend a blow job
TIFU by finding my mom's stuff in my room while cleaning it (NSFW)
TIFU by nearly drowning while giving a BJ NSFW
TIFU by shaving my husband's ass
TIFU by falling off the treadmill at the gym
TIFU Even Further (Update to TIFU by telling my new girlfriend I masturbate to her Instagram photos)
TIFU by having FaceTime sex with my boyfriend's sister (NSFW)
TIFU by not knowing how to do my damn job.
TIFU by telling my art teachers she scissors well.
TIFU by ejaculating at my doctor's. Twice. (NSFW)
TIFU by not plugging in my headphones.
TIFUpdate by sexting my girlfriends sister and discovering she has a crush on me. (Final Update)
TIFU by losing my wife's wedding present
TIFU By realising my entire life I had been doing something the wrong way.
TIFU by speaking French and ending up in police custody
TIFU by asking a blind girl what her favorite color was.
TIFU by kicking a rock
TIFU...By launching a covert pair of panties across the classroom at the beginning of a lecture
Tifu by joking with my roommate.
TIFU by wearing a ductape binder
TIFU by sending 5 resumes out with "FUCKING CUNT" inserted between my name
TIFU by showing my mom the goods in the worst possible way
TIFU By Trying Anal
TIFU by having a beard on a plane
TIFU by dreaming of Tron
TIFU by making my grandma cry and my girlfriend sick.
Tifu by reverting back to bad old habits. (Nsfw)
TIFU by smashing a spider up my vagina
TIFU by thinking I was allergic to black people
TIFU by writing the most meta sex story possible.
TIFU by leaving my sex calendar on the fridge for my dad to see
TIFU by not listening to the advice of the sex shop cashier
TIFU by trying to possess a valid train ticket
TIFU by going on a date with a girl I met on tinder
TIFU by getting a BJ from somone I meet the same day (NSFW)
TIFU by being a decent guy and making the right decision. NSFW
TIFU by requesting $23625 worth of drug money over Google Wallet
TIFU by suppressing laughter at work
TIFU by taking a few drinks of my sweet tea before realizing...
TIFU by helping an old lady.
TIFU by making my baby niece listen to Eminem
TIFU by trying to shave off a full beard with a bar of Dove and my gf's Venus razor 5 minutes before I leave for a new job.
TIFU by Declining a Free $1,000 travel voucher
TIFU - I am the pinnacle of male obliviousness
Tifu by posting my vagina on facebook
TIFU by not using a condom
Tifu by getting my students mildly high.
TIFU by touching boobs for the first time (Semi-NSFW)
TIFU by offering a kid a seat
TIFU by buying a cell phone on Craigslist
TIFU by taking a nap under a table at work
TIFU by running away from a shiny Pokemon.
TIFU by using my personal skype account for a business call instead of my work acccount
TIFU by overdosing on poppy seed tea and almost dying
TIFU by accidentally asking out my boss.
TIFU by not noticing my husband when he returned from tour...
TIFU by trying to teach my toddler not to swear
TIFU and I couldn't be happier about it. (NSFW - just to cover my ass)
TIFU by falling asleep while giving head (NSFW)
TIFU By almost cutting my penis off
TIFU by running into the wrong room looking for my mom
TIFU by proposing a threesome on the first date.
TIFU by answering my boyfriend's phone
TIFU by peeing on the neighbor's cat.. for months.
TIFU by finding a USB stick.
TIFU By going HAM on a girl update
TIFU by admitting to my girlfriend that I pretend she is a giant cockroach when we have sex.
TIFU by asking my class how their weekend was
TIFU by trying to steal a straw
TIFU
TIFU by listening to reddit
TIFU by joking about drugs to the wrong person
TIFU by getting foxy with my dance teacher
TIFU by sleeping with my best friend's mom. Twice. (NSFW)
TIFU by kissing my friend's wife in front of him and my wife
TIFU because I thought a pile of snow was going to be fluffy.
TIFU by putting my D in Crazy.
TIFU by asking the girl sitting in front of me at the theater to turn off her phone while the movie is playing.
TIFU by going too hard
TIFU By telling my friends what a vag feels like NSFW
TIFU By calling my best friend a (filtered word)
TIFU by sticking a mega-steel marble up my arse while bathing. nsfw
TIFU by jerking off with the wrong stuff
TIFU by texting my girlfriend happy mothers day
TIFU by losing my phone (the epic phone chase)
TIFU by being an oblivious father
TIFU By eating a free gumball...
TIFU by accidently giving my niece vodka to drink.
TIFU by underestimating the power of my anus
TIFU and got assaulted by naked children NSFW I guess? Maybe? Idunno...
TIFU by answering a private number on my phone
TIFU by using a dildo to cause a blackout
TIFU by getting my hamster a wife.
TIFU by having sex with my ex-girlfriend on a beach
TIFU by smoking a blunt with my coworker
[META] Is anyone else sick of the constant sex TIFUs?
TIFU by making a flirtatious assumption about my date's personal hygene
TIFU by trying to be one of the guys
TIFU by skyping with my ex.
TIFU by trying to make the wife laugh.
TIFU By watching porn on my phone
TIFU by changing in front of my cat.
TIFU by masturbating while my dad was in the room
TIFU by accidentally announcing to my sister that I'm going to go masturbate
TIFU by putting "Bring Gun" in my school planner.
TIFU by accidentally pissing in my mouth.
TIFU by eating fire hot wings, drinking beer, going to the bathroom, accidentally coughing on a police officer and ending up in jail with an "assault on an officer charge"
TIFU by sharing a dildo with my roommates
TIFU by stabbing myself in the vagina. NSFW
TIFU by masturbating and angering the gods
TIFU by sexting a scammer on Skype
TIFU by having sex with my g/f
TIFU by accidentally calling an African orphan "Starvin' Marvin."
TIFU by chemically fusing my penis shut [NSFW, NSFL] Take two.
TIFU by trying to drink a Capri Sun in my car
TIFU by jokingly searching through my dad's browser history with my friend
tifu by trying to understand Mr Grey NSFW?
TIFU by killing a draugr
Tifu by having sex with someone i thought was a "swinger"
TIFU by masturbating infront of a burglar
TIFU by grabbing and complimenting a stranger's ass at Walmart
TIFU by taking a hostage
NSFW TIFU by engaging in anal in a beautiful lake in Calfiornia
TIFU by celebrating the Paris terrorist attacks
TIFU by accepting a homeless man's lewd proposition
TIFU by spraying a spider with cleaning products
TIFU by tipping the pizza guy
TIFU: By watching Guardians of the Galaxy.
TIFU by going to the wrong Abercrombie store
TIFU by eating a whole Papa John's Chili Fritos pizza before a meeting.
TIFU by saying "Fuck me harder Daddy"
TIFU by having rough sex with my boyfriend
TIFU by wiping my ass with hand sanitizer.
TIFU by farting so much that my teacher dismissed our class early to escape the putrid smell
TIFU by playing soccer too early in the morning.
TIFU by Cleaning Some "Toys"...
TIFU by farting in an elevator.
TIFU by getting banned from Wal-Mart...for life.
TIFU by going to watch Interstellar
TIFU by internet.
TIFU by having a huge ready-to-pop pimple on the side of my face
TIFU by masturbating with the showerhead.
TIFU by forgetting how the waistband trick works
TIFU and realized I'm NOT a lesbian.
TIFU By Hugging My Best Friend
TIFU by snapchating an autistic kid
TIFU by sleeping with a girl on the first date and stealing her panties
TIFU by not investigating the moans coming from my car
TIFU by accidentally see my GF's mom naked
TIFU by flashing my co-worker's 8 year old son.
TIFU By cumming after 4 months
TIFU by showing my barber what haircut I want
TIFU when my... ahem.. got on my mom's face [NSFW]
TIFU by screwing my sister's future roomates
TIFU by having sex in the back of my car (NSFW)
TIFU by getting a sneaky BJ from my girlfriend (NSFW)
TIFU by hitting myself in the face with a rake like Sideshow Bob. Twice.
TIFU by meeting my Girlfriends brother for the first time.
TIFU by cumming on my son's homework
TIFU by exposing myself to my physician.
TIFU by being a wiseass
TIFU by getting asked if I had a sec (Barely NSFW)
TIFU by using the Pornhub app too much
TIFU: By trying to be a dick
TIFU by agreeing to do threesome with my girl and her friend.
TIFU by getting pissed on by my roommate while masturbating...
TIFU by telling a hooker I was gay
TIFU by hitting my knee on the TP dispenser in the bathroom
TIFU by making a hitlist. In school. A week after the Sandy Hook shootings.
TIFU by leaving my metal buttplug in whilst going through airport security.
TIFU By assigning homework
TIFU by punching a small child in the face at Disneyland
TIFU By Saying Yes to Netflix
TIFU by trying to get one up on my teenage daughter
TIFU by not listening to my girlfriend and staying in the ocean for an extra few seconds.
TIFU by getting my girlfriend a Valentine's Day card
TIFU by confusing juggalos with gigalos
TIFU by presenting a Gianna Micheal's deepthroating gif to my entire lecture hall
Tifu by taking my dog to training classes
TIFU making a dildo for my girlfriend [NSFW]
TIFU by farting and making a little girl cry
TIFU by losing my virginity to a lesbian
TIFU by trying to masturbate underwater.
TIFU by slapping my girlfriend in the face (NSFW)
TIFU by yelling "go back to Africa" within an earshot of a black man
Tifu by leaving car windows open while driving @2am
TIFU by changing the direction of /r/TIFU: An apology and setting things straight
TIFU when I stabbed myself with an epi-pen
TIFU by shitting on my neighbors dog
TIFU by calling the cops on noisy neighbors.
TIFU by ejaculating in my sink. (NSFW/L)
TIFU by taking one of my nephew's teething pops
TIFU by chewing on a strangers toenail :S
TIFU by being a terrorist
TIFU by using lube on my mom [X-post due to Rule #3]
TIFU by touching a girl's boobs for the very first time
TIFU by triggering a landslide and destroying a house
TIFU by ending a marriage while at work.
TIFU by eating 3 boxes of fiber one bars
TIFU by experimenting with my wife in a inappropriate place.
TIFU by trying to give myself a small operation
TIFU by trying to get a happy ending in China.
TIFU by scaring my GF while she was cupping my balls.
TIFU by giving an orange to a goat
TIFU by eating a burger called the widow maker. (NSFW)
TIFU when I tried to lose my virginity NSFW
TIFU by slapping my gf's ass.
TIFU when I cheated on the one test I shouldn't cheat on.
TIFU by posting a naked picture of myself on Snapchat 'My Story'
TIFU by falling asleep in my computer class.
TIFU by having a threesome with my two best friends
TIFU by squirting whilst masturbating onto my floor, slipping in it and scarring my roommate for life. (NSFW)
TIFU by cumming on my carpet and accidentally killing my cat.
TIFU by trying to be a good boyfriend.
TIFU by thinking of PayDay 2 at my local bank
TIFU by sleeping with my best friend of 12 years...
TIFU by accidentally taking too much of my ADD medicine before a big presentation.
TIFU by letting my 4 yr old son win the battle.
TIFU my girlfriend’s birthday by writing shitty code
TIFU by reading a TIFU post, now my dad thinks I'm gay.
TIFU by setting my oven for 45 minutes, and the Gay Rights Movement back 50 years.
