my husbands grandmother is a bitch. when we lived all with my father-in-law, she made my life hell because she was so narcissistic and cruel. this woman loved puzzles. she's old and so overweight that she can barely move, so she sits in her special recliner all day doing puzzles and barking orders at people, telling me how terrible i am. one day she was doing this very tough, very large puzzle. it was like, 2500 pieces and mostly blue sky. i stole one of those motherfucking pieces and burned it in the wood stove that kept the house warm. unfortunately, we moved out before she finished the puzzle, so i didn't get to see her reaction when she couldn't finish it. it was so petty, but felt so good. so my neighbors seem to be incapable of properly operating their vehicles, especially their van. they regularly set off the alarm on this thing, disturbing everyone in the neighborhood. it's annoying as hell to be interrupted by the shriek of a car alarm several times a week. they also park two of their vehicles such that they take up three parking spaces, which is frustrating in an area with limited parking. last night, as i was heading out to the store before bed, i noticed that the door of their van was wide open. it was lightly snowing, but scheduled to change to rain/sleet/ice during the course of the night. normally i'm the kind of person who will go knock on doors to let my neighbors know if their car lights were left on or their door is ajar--but not this time. when i left for work this morning, it was pouring down rain and everything was covered in a sheet of ice...and their door was still wide open. hope you enjoy your soggy, icy interior, ya jerks.so a while back i was given a uga bulldogs flag and a flag pole to mount it on my porch. our homeowners association (hoa) restrictions say that sports team flags can only be flown on a day in which the team is playing. my intention was to only fly it on saturdays when the football team was playing. so i put the flag up on a saturday the dawgs were playing but forgot to take it down until monday. on friday i get a letter from the hoa stating that i am in violation of the restriction and could be fined. okay, fair enough, they are correct on this one. i then noticed that the date of observation was on wednesday. i called and said that couldn't be true because i took it down on monday. instead of admitting her mistake, she lied and said that she had seen it up on wednesday. now i was mad. i printed off a schedule of every sporting event the bulldogs had in every sport, even club sports and then proceeded to fly the flag every single day there was any kind of game, match, regatta, etc., which was almost every single day. i then started getting letters stating i was in violation again. i would call on each one and explain that the water polo team had a match, or the rowing team had a regatta on those days. after about a month or two of this back and forth, they finally gave up. so my older sister, aka total bitch (tb), likes to be rude and condescending to me as much as possible. now my girlfriend and i had been planning to make dumplings for a week and a half and tb was extremely excited because they are her favorite and she never gets them. especially not homemade ones. so we are cooking and she does her usual thing telling us how terrible we are at cooking and demanding we make everything differently. we are almost finished and she runs a quick errand so my gf and i decide to eat every. last. dumpling. keep in mind this recipe make almost 75 dumplings. we eat them all in under 20 minutes and tb comes home to an empty kitchen. threw up dumplings that night, but 10/10 would do again. this wasn't me, but my dad. his life has been filled with instances of him getting petty revenge, usually for humorous purposes. he loves telling this story. he married my mom, and became step-dad to my half-brother. they've always had a good relationship. at one point, when my brother was a teenager, my parents told him he needed to clean his room, and had been nagging him about it for weeks. my brother, being like 15, doesn't care, and it basically escalates to the point of them telling him he can't leave his room until it's done. my brother goes into his room, slams the door. my dad could hear the tv in my brother's room, and is totally fed up. he decided to be awesome about it rather than mad. the way our house was situated, there was a window that, from the right vantage point, you could see into my brother's room, but it would be harder for him to see you (like it wouldn't occur to you to look for someone there). sure enough, he was just sitting on the bed, watching tv. so my dad decides to go get my mom, who has also had enough of this bs, and she joins him at this vantage point. it just so happens that within reach from the spot, is the breaker box for our house. so my dad flips the switch to that room (no lights on, since it's daylight). the tv goes off. my brother is all confused, and tries turning it on. nothing. after a minute, my dad flipped the switch back, and my brother goes back to watching tv. another minute passes, and my dad flipped the switch again. my brother get up and starts hitting the tv to get it to work! so of course, my dad flips it back on. then off. then on. for 10 minutes, they just fuck with him. like, letting him just start to get comfortable, and then off! he gets up, hits it a few times, on! my brother is pissed, you can see his exasperated body language. my parents, meanwhile, are laughing hysterically. my dad finally switches it off one more time, and they go back inside. he knocks on my brother's door and says "the tv will work again when your room is clean." and then just walks away. tl;dr: my brother was being a brat, my dad decides to mess with him. edit: i had no idea my dad would be such a popular guy in this subreddit! thanks everybody, and thanks to whoever gave me my first gold! i sent my dad an email about this post, so we'll see what else he says. i made him a reddit account awhile ago, so maybe i can convince him to tell some other stories. he also has some amazingly hilarious stories about being a cop in a very dangerous city, and recently won first place in a story telling contest telling one of them. so he's an awesome, all around story-filled guy. =) **second edit: my dad's very first reddit post is below in the comments! he's wc1215. he also said all of you guys "were awesome" in an email, so there you go reddit!**the door to my room doesn't close all the way cause the door hinge broke during one of our parties. this has tempted my roommate to try and catch me during my happy time. he'll quietly walk into the house after work or school, creep up the steps, and jump in screaming "i gotcha!". luckily i'm under the covers so he doesn't see anything, but it's still pretty annoying. he has succeeded 3 times in the past 2 months and yesterday i figured enough is enough. i get everything ready and timed his arrival from work. i saw him pull in and i run to my room and get into position. i don't hear a thing, which is normal, so i know what he's gonna do. the poor bastard barges in screaming "gotcha, bitch!". to his surprise, catches me masterbating without the cover with a shit ton of lotion on my hand and penis. i make eye contact with him the whole time and continue to masterbate, staring into his soul. he immediately yells "wtf!", in his sort of crouching surprise stance and freezes for a second. then immediately runs out into the hallway yelling "that's fucking disgusting, man!". he went into his room and i didn't see him till this morning. when i did, all i said was "it is i who got you, bitch" and continue to eat my pop tarts.i've had to live next to these two dickheads and their awful children since 2015 when they moved into the ugly mansion towards the end of the street that's so big it borders two units close to the local park. since the start they've been so rude, obnoxious, loud and aggressive. i have to listen to the parents screaming at the children because the two children were screaming homophobic slurs at each other or being uncooperative. no wonder they try to pickle their livers every night. anyway, since day 1 the brats have been chucking various balls over the fence like footballs (aussie rules style), soccer balls, rugby balls, tennis balls, cricket balls. i kept joking about giving the shit to charity and now i'm doing it for real. a red sherrin just smacked into the window and nearly broke it so i'm taking it to work with me at the op shop and it can be resold or donated to a local primary school for the sports shed. i rushed out to get the ball and bring it inside now it's in a big garbage bag and i can't stop laughing like a cartoon villain.i live in a small suburban neighborhood. it's fairly quiet, lots of families, decent but small yards. my next door neighbor built a fire pit in his back yard for weekend bonfire/beer parties with his friends. not a huge deal right? no this thing has a 4 foot radius and is about 15 ft from my house. still not a huge deal, until he loads the pit up so there's a huge pile of brush and wood 4 ft high which then makes a giant fire. i'm always worried these drunk asses will set my house on fire and have asked them several times to just not make their fire so huge (the flames lick the power lines running to my house so these flames are up like 20 ft). i could technically call the cops or fire department on them but i got petty as fuck instead. i had a bunch of leftover firecrackers from july 4th. i made about 8 nice little bundles and put them in plastic baggies. i then snuck into his yard in the middle of the night and buried the baggies in the fire pits dirt. 1 month later i see them gathering for another bud lite fueled fire and i wait. half and hour later i hear firecrackers going off and see one of them dive to the ground. because of how i buried them they kept going off every 15-20 minutes confusing the shit out of them. they kept checking their wood pile as if there was something wrong with the fire wood. haven't had a bonfire since then and that was almost a year ago...i work at home, need a reliable, low ping connection. roommates like to watch youtube and surf and download, which slows the speed a bit and makes ping times soar, making my job extremely hard to do. they refuse to pitch in on the bill because i use it for my job and 'would be unemployed without it'. well, i tried changing the password but they complained till i gave it to them. then i had a moment of brilliance. i changed the ssid on the router to something else, put in a second router that i had handy and gave it the old name, then throttled the speeds on their internet down to 25 kbps (thank you dd-wrt). they keep complaining because their phones switch to data (neither has a computer) and i just smile and act like i know nothingok so this happend this morning. my neighbor who is a half friend, half asshole, owns a huge lifted silverado that is straight piped with huge tips on the end. every morning this week he starts the the truck and revs it as high as possible echoing down the street. it wakes me up and pisses me off, so last night i had a bright idea. i wake up at 2am and go out to the garage. grab some tools and pull the mufflers off my mustang. now i could pull out and rev back to piss him off, but i decided to go the extra mile. me and my girlfriend push the car out, and back up to his bedroom window. i make sure the cars not it gear, crank it, and floor the piss out of it. 5am, he starts the truck and quietly pulls away while staring at my car in the drive tl;dr fuckin loud truck, fucking loud car.so i live next door to a couple (a very conservative couple ) and their twin boys. the boys can't be more than 8, and like most kids, they like to play in the back yard. which is totally fine, doesn't bother me at all. they're kids and like to run around. what bothers me though is that they love to throw their toys over into my yard. alot of toys. action figures, balls, frisbees, rackets, etc. them throwing them over don't even really bother me that much. what bothers me is that the parents keep demanding that we have to throw them back. they don't ask, they don't knock on the door and apologize, they just yell over there fence when they know that we are outside and tell us to give it back. and that bothers me. they also seem to encourage their kids to throw it over to our yard. so after christmas i was at the store and saw that they had a ton of barbie's, nail polish, bratz doll frisbees, and balls on the clearance. i bought 5 of everything i could find that i knew my neighbors would hate seeing their sons play with. every time an action figure gets thrown over to my yard, i will throw a barbie back with it. every time a ball gets thrown, a bratz ball will be returned. i already threw a couple nail polishes over and the twins went crazy. they loved it. they've had pink, purple, and green nails all week. it's been 2 days and not a single action figure has crossed my fence. more importantly, not a single rude demand from the parents to return them. the kids are having fun, and i have pretty revenge.jenn is at our house non-stop. they've been dating for 6 months and in the past 3 months, she is probably at our house 6.5 days of the week. she's materialistic, lazy and generally unhelpful. she brings her dog over when no one in the house has a pet and lets it have free reign over whatever the fuck it wants without discipline. she expects to be treated like a guest and doesnt help out with any house maintenance or chores, even though she spends more time at our house than i do. its annoying as hell. the one good quality she does have is she likes to be clean. so naturally our shared bathroom is overflowing with her nice and expensive beauty products. so, to get my jollies every morning, i use all of them. in extreme excess. shampoo for brunettes that will shine and brighten my curls that i dont have? fuck it, ill take 5x the amount needed. peach exfoliating body wash with microbeads that makes me smell like a princess? pour it all over my body. super fancy loofa with a cushy handle? cover it in more body wash and polish my hardy boys. coconut conditioner that will give me all-day, long lasting volume? just squeeeeeeeze the bottle right onto the top of my head. i end up walking out of the bathroom shining like a sunset and smelling like a god damned unicorn. hey jenn, you useless piece of crap, we're running low on body wash... tldr fuck you jennso to keep a long story short, i have had a frustrating relationship with the head of an organization that operates on the same university campus that i work. he has been purposely avoiding my emails and all that jazz. i got my revenge this afternoon, when they had an event on campus, but my department was required to set up their pa system. the organization's head, who had been ignoring me, was being interviewed and recorded, to be played on the evening news, and they decided the best spot to do the interview was right where i was setting everything up, about 3 feet from one of my larger speakers in fact. so, i of course had to do my due diligence and make sure that the sound system was working 100% for their big event, i ended up doing a mic check at least 4 or 5 times. i thought nothing could be more satisfying than the look of frustration on his face, but i was wrong. i watched the coverage, turns out they covered the event, but completely didn't use the interview.i grew up in a large family. we didn’t have a dishwasher, so we all took turns doing chores. this particular night, my parents said, ‘’fisted, make sure you soak the pans before you wash them.’’ i was confused, because i was on vacuum duty. i said, ‘’ it’s not my turn, it’s [my sister’s] turn.’’ her and her bad 80s perm replied snottily, ‘’no, it’s not, it’s your turn.’’ my parents, obviously tired from working their asses off, making dinner then having to deal with six or seven ungrateful shits, weren’t having any of my sass. after much litigation, i ended up having to clean the kitchen and do dishes. fuckers. i sat on the linoleum with my back against the refrigerator wondering how this could happen. i just did the dishes two days ago! there are 5 people here that are able to do dishes and they can’t remember that far back?! that stupid bitch sister…her evil, knowing smile. i then spot the dog, laying on the heating vent under the table, not yet full from feasting on whatever we didn’t want to eat, covertly discarded under the table. ah-ha. i collected all of the plates and silverware and let murphy (i’m leaving his name the same because he was the shit.) lick all of them clean. i buffed off the lick marks with a towel. i put the dishes away in the cupboards and silverware drawer. kitchen clean, i head to my room that i share with that bitch and her wham! posters. (i still love wham! by the way.) the next night at dinner, my mom barks, ‘’fisted! set the table!’’ this brings me back to what i had done the night before, thank god. i pulled the plates out, but made sure mine was from the very bottom of the stack. i sat, eating dinner off of a clean plate, using a clean fork, basking in 12 year old petty revenge. they had no idea, until i told them about it at thanksgiving, 2013. snotty little know-it-all has gotten up from the break room table many times and just left her garbage there for the sweet elderly cleaning lady to deal with at end of shift. i noticed the other day that princess doesnt have a lock on her locker so i stuffed her nasty lean cuisine garbage, apple core and empty yogurt container in it after she left. so i went through all her shows on netflix, hells kitchen as an example, and fast forwarded all of them until it was right on the part wherever a chef went home, or gave away the ending on all her other shows. *update:* she went to watch her shows last night on hulu, opened it up and i heard "chef blah blah hand me your jacket" and then a giant wtf from the living room. i just smiled to myself in my room. hopefully she watches something else and it happens again.**background**: so i'm in my final year at university preparing for end of year exams - slightly stressful under any circumstances! add in three housemates who are on placement year who come home from work blare music all night and play fifa non-stop and shout at every goal, near miss, foul, throw-in... you get the picture. they're so loud that the neighbors have complained on multiple occasions, but they don't seem to give a shit. when they're off work it's time to have fun, fuck everyone else. i honestly wouldn't mind if it was like a couple of games a night, but they play for like a solid 3 hours each night, of which almost all is filled with the sounds of screams and shouting. i'm like a week away from starting my final year exams and have asked them to just keep the shouting down as it's quite hard to concentrate with people screaming at the top of their lungs every five minutes. when i ask i get told 'yeah sure, no problem', but within 5 mins it normally starts. going downstairs and asking them again is just greeted with huge sighs and making me feel like i'm the one being inconsiderate to them, followed by it starting up again within 10 mins of me going back upstairs. **petty revenge**: well i had enough of their shit, and unfortunately for them i know my way around a router. even worse news for them is that when you are disconnected from an online game it automatically counts as a 3-0 loss, even if you were 5-0 ahead. so recently i have taken enormous pleasure from disconnecting them from games which sound to be 'extra intense'. i know the rough length of a fifa match so know the perfect timings to go into the router settings and briefly ban and unban the playstation so they 'mysteriously' disconnect. at times i will even go downstairs into the kitchen and do it on my phone so they don't get suspicious and think it's me on my computer. my crowning moment was when i heard an extra loud roar from downstairs, followed shortly by a 'oh for fuck's sake no not again!'. going downstairs i learnt they had come back from being 3-0 down to be winning 5-3. it took all my self control to suppress the immense joy and laughter building inside. what is even better is it has meant they have been getting so angry at losing their games and receiving bad stats that they have almost given up on playing ahaha! **tl;dr** - housemates give 0 shits i'm trying to revise for my final year exams and make noise playing fifa all night every night. so i have been taking my revenge by secretly disconnecting their online games resulting in them getting bad stats and not playing it anymore out of anger! i dorm, and live with three people. one in my room and one in a room attached via a kitchen and bathroom. the girl in the other room, let's call her "cass," didn't get assigned a roommate, so her boyfriend basically started living with her a few weeks into the semester. they do basic annoying couple stuff including leaving their condom wrappers around and being obnoxiously loud. annoying, but i can just ignore it. the thing i can't ignore, however, is that he uses all of our stuff without replacing anything. including hand soap, dish soap, and most importantly toilet paper. this dude uses the bathroom like ten times a day, yet cass refuses to compensate for the misdistribution of toilet paper usage. so i get to the dorm after a weekend at home, and find an empty toilet paper roll and two empty paper towel rolls on the bathroom floor. just thrown there obnoxiously. so i turn out of the bathroom and to my room to get some toilet paper. while i'm getting it, i hear one of them check the bathroom to see if i changed it. so i grab a roll, make sure they see it while i walk past them in the kitchen, then decide to take like a half-an-hour shower, because i want them to have to wait as long as possible to use the bathroom. then, after making sure they're not in the kitchen anymore, i take my toilet paper roll with me. once i'm in my room, i hear one of them run into the bathroom again. well you still don't have toilet paper- so good luck. petty, i know, but worth to me. tl;dr my roommate and her boyfriend use so much toilet paper, and will wait for me to come home to change it instead of replacing it. i took advance of them having to use the bathroom by taking forever, and leaving with my toilet paper. on saturday night, i went to a halloween party at a friends place. there were familiar faces there, as well as a few i hadn't met. one of them was a roommate of someone i already knew. let's call him jackass. we talked a bit during the night and he seemed like a decent guy. at this point i should mention that my friend and i had gone as a couple of dead whores. nothing too bad. i wore a dress, but it was loose enough for me to wear shorts underneath. as the night progressed, he became more drunk. at about 1:45, i claim the only couch in the house that doesn't fold out into a bed (there are 4 couches in the house, as well as 4 beds). a half hour later, jackass asks if i mind sharing the couch with him. i say sure, because i figured that the rest of the couches and beds had been taken over at this point. i don't mind sharing, just as long as i can get some sleep. ten minutes goes by in beautiful silence and then he says 'hey whore, can you give me a back massage?' i tell him no, i want to sleep. five minutes later he asks the same and i reply with 'fuck off, i need to sleep'. apparently he doesn't like this because he grabs my wrist and tries to pull me over to his side of the couch (we had our heads on opposite ends of the couch), saying 'don't worry, i'll repay you. i'll give you a back massage, too'. i had to kick jackass' inner thigh with my heel because he wasn't getting go. thankfully that was the end of that. for the moment. he kept grabbing my ass, claiming he was looking for his phone. bullshit. at this point i was tired, pissed and really in need of some space. but then he asks me to cuddle with him and tell him no, you're drunk and you've already gotten on my last nerve. jackass: 'oh, that's right. you're not into dudes. you dyke'. that's when i lost it. i'm not a lesbian, but i do have complete and utter respect for everyone's sexual orientation. this was just incredibly disrespectful. i couldn't stand to be around this guy anymore, so i kicked him off the couch. to make sure he didn't try forget back on the couch, i got a friend to take the other side. the next morning, just before i was leaving, i went back to the couch to make sure i didn't leave anything behind. i spot a wallet on the floor, and what do you know, it belongs to jackass (who moved to one of the futons after i kicked him off the couch). he was still asleep, so i dropped his wallet behind the couch. i hope it took forever for him to find it. his drivers licence was how i knew the wallet was his and i know for a fact he drove to the party hands off and fuck off asswipe.back in the days when my sister lived with me we shared a bathroom. this girl, though i love her dearly, had a serious problem with taking and using my possessions without asking. it drove me absolutely up the wall. she had very long, thick hair so whenever she had a shower she decided that she needed two towels: one for her body and one for her hair. rather than keep an extra towel she would just use mine as well. every. single. time. this girl would also have her shower just before me so i'd come in to find my towel soaking wet. so as a reasonable, mature adult i decided to keep my towel in my bedroom instead. however i also left a decoy towel in the bathroom on my hook and every time i went for a shower i'd use it as a bathmat, knowing that my sister would never know my feet had marched over that decoy towel she constantly stole to wrap her hair in. the best part? she has an extreme disgust for feet.my neighbors like to let there dog run around the street without a leash several times a day. a few months ago i asked them very nicely to stop letting him shit in my yard or to watch him and please pick up after him. they said ok and it stopped for a few days. a week later they completely ignored my request and allowed him to shit in my yard. i caught him several times. so i started picking it up and collecting it in to a five gallon bucket. i did this for about a month and a half. once the bucket was full i took it over to their house before i left for work at 4am. i dumped it on their porch. looks like now they will have to pick up after their dog. it's been a week and my yard is shit free. i lived in a 13 unit apartment building in 'midtown' detroit near a university. the place was old (built in 1913), the cost was low, the walls were stucko, and the cockroaches didn't pay rent. essentially, just about all of the residents were working a shitty full time job somewhere and the few students who did live there worked even harder - essentially all of us there worked to afford our life as opposed to riding daddy's dime through college. that was the case with the exception of one unit. that unit housed one or two football players who didn't really take life seriously. this specific incident (others happened later and one kid managed to add a felony mark to his record, but i digress)... i was leaving for work the morning after one of their weekday parties and noticed that one of their guests had pissed on my car. i don't like having my car pissed on. the entire day i stewed about it at work and then drove home. then it happened. there was the little shit who lives in that apartment, walking in the alley to a class or something. please note that i have never directly let him know i have a problem with him or been anything other than friendly. i stop, kinda blocking his path, and said hello in an enthusiastically happy way. he returned my greeting and i told him to go ahead and get in my car... i'd be happy to dive him to campus to save him some time. he jumped at the opportunity. ...it was time for our heart to heart and to explain that cars are not urinals. ...now i know this guy a little - there are two way's this is going to play out. - (1) he'll apologize for his guest and possibly offer some reasurances that he'll be proactive at preventing douche-baggary (rather unlikely, but there's a chance) - ...ooooor (2) he'll be a little shit about it. if option (1) - i was planning on thanking him for taking us (his neighbors) into future consideration with his events, drop him off at the closest point to his destination as possible ...and not ever tell him that his 'friend' had used my passenger-side door handle as the urinal. ...but he chose option 2. ...and i was elated about it. i start to talk to him about the party. he kinda defends himself with huffs and disinterest. i continue to talk about it and begin to work to rial him up. it worked like a charm. he started getting pissed that i'd hold him accountable for his guests' actions. in fact, he got distracted enough that he didn't realize that i had taken a round-about route and, after about seven minutes or so, was about to drop him off *exactly* where i had picked him up. as he was getting out he said, "well... *i* don't see how that's *my problem*" and slams my door. wow... i can't believe my luck! i return through the open window, "it's *your* problem because he pissed all over the handle *you* used to get into *my* car." the kid stutter-steps and looks back - right at the door handle that showed the dust 'rinsed' off by urine (something he hadn't noticed on the way into my car) then looked at his hand, and his face changed. it was a beautiful change. it changed from 'fuck you, i'm a dick,' to a look of realizing that i had him fucked from the get-go. it was defeat. it was beautiful. it was glorious. that was (and is) a very satisfying moment, i always smile when i remember it. edit: formatting and tl;dr **tl;dr**: jock neighbor's friend pissed on my car's passenger side door handle. i got the jock to use the handle. when the guy refused to apologize, i made sure he knew he rubbed his hand in it and that i had wasted about seven minutes of his life.normally, it doesn't bother me so much but in one particular instance it pissed me off because it had hurt my reputation at my job as a tutor (he had said that i as a huge stoner in case you're curious.) anyways, i was pissed off and i don't live with my parents anymore but he does, so in the middle of the night i let myself in the back door, grabbed the spare key to the car and turned it on. he loves country music dearly and i hate it, so i changed every preset station on his radio to mariachi music and turned the volume up all the way, turned off the car, put the key back, and went home. i warned my other younger brother who typically drives to school with him to watch out, he said it was pretty funny, after furiously hitting every single preset on fm1 and fm2 he just turned the radio off.the setup: so, i was doing apartment tours last year and they took me to this great place! it is a killer location, and the apartment is in the basement of this awesome house that everyone always talks about. great! rent is doable, and so i hop on it. i asked the typical inquiries, and if there was anything else i should know? nope. ok, let's do it! i rent the place. well, i move in early and everything is going swimmingly. then, two weeks in, my neighbors all move in. great, meet new people! well, turns out that the entire rest of the house had been rented to a fraternity. so now, i'm living in the basement of a house where there are parties multiple nights a week, people yelling and playing beer pong till all hours of the night. fuck. see, they're all nice to me and i'm ok with noise (i've been there before), so i just deal with it. earplugs, headphones. i just really would've liked to have known what i was getting into so i could've considered other places. the revenge: well, now it is apartment tour season again and i just had a striking young law school prospect coming by to check out the place. he walks around, asks the normal questions, then turns and asks, "how's the noise?" yes. the moment i've been waiting for. save some sap from unknowingly fucking up his sleep schedule. i say, "yeah. it's damn loud." i tell him that maybe it is not bad when there isn't a rowdy group upstairs, so i'd figure out who was renting before you commit. he asks the person giving the tour, and she sighs and goes, "yeah, they've renewed. it's a fraternity." she hadn't told him. wouldn't have told him if i wasn't there, most likely. i'm going to inform every person that comes through here how bad the noise is. good luck renting this place out with me giving accurate and valid information to prospective tenants who you would've otherwise misled. ya dicks. tl;dr - rent me into a frat basement without telling me, i will wait for every apartment tour and thwart your fucking over of other people. deal with it. edit: based on a few responses/messages, i will clarify that the guys upstairs are all very kind, and i have nothing against them. they are simply seeking to have a good time during their college years. the revenge is strictly landlord oriented. at a company i used to work for, my first boss there was a decent enough guy off the clock, but he was a a bit of a tyrant at work. he also has a hair trigger temper. no kidding, our regional manager actually made him attend anger management classes, twice that i know of. if anything went wrong, or if he even thought it went wrong, he'd take it out on whoever was closest, or whoever he happened to talk to next. i was on the verge of quitting over it more than once. if i make a mistake i'll own up to it, and make it right. i don't take well to having someone call me up at random and start cursing me, especially when it's something i didn't have anything to do with in the first place. a coworker and i were talking on the phone, when i jokingly mimicked the sound our nextel phones made when they were about to drop a call. he swore it was convincing, later i tried it on someone else, and they thought it was real too. after that, every time my boss called, complaining about something, i started making that noise, and would hang up. he fell for it. i kept waiting for him to catch on, but he never did. this is an old one, and i was just an observer but i think some of you will still get a kick out of it. many years ago i took a co-op job on a construction site as an electricians helper. there was a guy on another crew who had one of those nail guns that take a small blank pistol cartridge, and fire nails into concrete. (sorry, i don't recall the name of it.) i don't know what his job was but you'd see him from time to time looking over a set of prints then hear that thing going off a few minutes later. after the first time or two it just became background noise and nobody really paid any attention to it. one day while my crew was taking my lunch break we heard that nail gun firing over and over and over. normally you'd hear one or two shots and then it would be quiet for a while, so this was a bit unusual, but nothing that anyone bothered to investigate. 30 minutes later there was some yelling, and a lot of cursing coming from the same general area the nail gun had been during lunch. curiosity finally got the better of me and i made an excuse to head over that way. i was greeted by the sight of several guys staring at a tool box in the middle of the floor. it turns out the guy with the nail gun had gotten into an argument with his boss, and was fired. he waited until his boss went off site to lunch and came back. he found his boss's newish toolbox, opened it up, took out all the tools and proceeded to permanently fasten it to the concrete floor before carefully putting everything back in the box. i have no idea what the fight was about, or who was in the wrong, but i can't help but be amused by this, even decades later. so about two months ago, i made a big life change from being a server at a restaurant to being a school teacher. until i got a few pay checks under my belt, i subletted at a house with some good friends i worked with. i don't have a room tho, just the den on the first floor with just a curtain as privacy. noise is a problem. thing is, servers and teachers pretty much have opposite schedules. they're home at 2, i'm up at 5. the sleep at 4. i sleep at 10. not to mention i have real weekends when their "saturday" might be a monday. but, again, i did this too so i totally get it. at first they would get home and play music and be fucking loud like not just talking but yelling shit. i'd go tell them to be quiet and they would, except for one chick who doesn't understand having a conscience. at first i was nice, and the two good roommates were completely receptive. monday night, i wake up at midnight to loud music and like 8 people over. i just kind of call in "hey would you mind keeping it down?" and they did quickly. awesome! except two hours later, the loud one is fucking some midget douche on our couch and bumping tunes while doing so. i was pissed but not outwardly angry. i just yelled "fuck him upstairs" and passed out. the next day we talked about it, she apologized, and we moved on. last night, she's having some "dramas at 2 in the fucking morning that i couldn't give two shits about. she's yelling, freaking out, and then calls in randomly, "sorry notreallyajew" to which i respond "if you're really sorry, you'll shut up and go to bed". well didn't this cause a fucking shitshow. she's yelling at me, blacked out i realize, as usual, and is overall being, i believe the websters term for it is, a bitch. so this morning rolls around and i wake up at 5. she's sleeping on the couch so what do i do? i normally put on my shoes last, but today i put them on first and spent alllllll my time stomping like an asshole. oh, that floorboard creaks? let's walk along all of it. oh my coffee needs stirring? let's clink the glass 20 times to make sure it's good and mixed. i'm making a sandwich? that jar of jelly just won't unstick even after banging it on the counter. morning stretches? how about some high knees to get the leg juices flowing? and the icing on the cake was walking out the front door, slamming it, then "forgetting" my coffee, and i had to do the whole thing again. best part was after the second time, all i hear walking to my car is "i get it." i drove off into the sunrise. edit: conscious - aware of and responding to one's surroundings; awake. conscience - an inner feeling or voice viewed as acting as a guide to the rightness or wrongness of one's behavior.the main floor of my apartment building had a small common area, where the mailboxes and bulletin board were. one day i came downstairs to find a shitty old black couch sitting in front of the mailboxes. it was taking up most of the area, and if anyone had to move large items in, they'd have to move that couch out first. initially there was a handwritten note taped to it, that said "leather couch for sale for $300! call xxx-xxx-xxxx)." after a few days the sign vanished, but the couch remained for a few days, then one week, then another. about a month later, i walked downstairs in a really bad mood. the couch was still there. then the idea came to me... i snapped a few pics with my phone, and a few minutes later, i was finishing up the text in my craigslist submission. "leather couch for sale! $100!!!" read my new post. replies came in quickly. within twenty minutes i had arranged for a woman to come by and pick up the nasty old thing. i helped her carry it out to her truck, even helped her tie it down. she waved to me as she slowly drove off as i stood there, $100 richer, and having turned my initially crappy day into a pretty good one. tl;dr: neighbor abandons furniture in apartment hallway, so i sell it and pocket the cash.i live in the same building that i work in. i manage a sandwich shop in a heavily urban area. the landlord of the building is an angry old man, who we all love, but can be crotchety at times. he took upon himself to remove the bike rack in front of my building, illegally. his thinking was it would cut down on people leaning on it to smoke cigarettes. so i emailed the department of transportation, stating that if they continue to be removed, we'll potentially miss out on business from cyclist, on the theory that if they have no place to securely lock up their bikes. my landlord is on vacation, when he comes back on wednesday, there will be a brand new 20 foot bike rack installed directly in front of the building, courtesy of the city. edit - spellingi'll start off by saying that i take pride in cooking customers orders to perfection, and i strive to always make the customer happy. it's hard to do that when the person calls back every time no matter what and says that we messed their order up in some way. well today sir, today was your last meal from us. i deleted your account and blocked all of your numbers that you have ever called us from. when you call, you will get a never ending elevator music tone. i also took the liberty of emailing every pizza place in a 3 mile radius of our store to inform them of your selfish habit. i told them what you do, and how many times you have done it to us. hope you like chinese food from now on fucker.so i had to relive myself during class, so i asked to be excused to the restroom and was granted such. (note this particular restroom is quite small and contains no windows) i walk in and realize that the stall has no toilet paper left "well thats gonna suck for someone" i thought to my self. i then proceed to piss and lo and behold, who comes in but the guy who loves to give me crap. "ha, look at this, its the kid who has no friends!" he pushed me a bit and snickered, i just stood there, taking it. he went into the stall and began crapping. i washed my hands and then stood still. "youre still in here? are you gay or something?" i said nothing. i realized he was situated in the bathroom, and at the point of no return so i walked out and hit the light switch leaving him in the pitch black bathroom with no toilet paper. i heard him yell, but i kept walking down the hall, big smile on my face, and never looked back. a few years back my husband and i rented a basement apartment from a women that lived in the house upstairs. when we moved in, we agreed on which would be our parking space and which would be hers as well as that we would be responsible for clearing our own parking space of snow and she was responsible for her space. the first year things went as agreed and everything was fine. the second year, after every snowfall i would shovel our side of the driveway (my husband couldn't shovel due to illness). every time we would leave after the apartment in our vehicle after the shovelling was done, we would come home to the landlady parked in our spot. the first few times i would shovel the other side of the driveway so we could park (since you couldn't park on the road in the evenings in the winter in our city). as soon as we left again, she would move her vehicle back to her own, now shovelled, spot. this went on for a couple weeks until my husband finally had enough of seeing me breaking my back to shovel the entire driveway. the next time we came back and saw her parked in our spot, he turned on the four wheel drive to his truck and drove up over the snow to park in hers. we left and came back a couple times that day, doing the same thing and compressing the snow down. once he saw her leave, he moved the truck back to our own spot. she ended up being gone until the next morning so when she came home she had to shovel to get in or face parking in the street and getting towed. except now the compressed snow had been sitting there for an entire day, including overnight, so it had hardened, making it more difficult to shovel. she ended up having to pay a plow to come shovel for her.during my last couple of years of college and the first year or so of my adult 9-5 "real job" life, i lived in a house with two roommates. basically one guy bought/owned the house, me and the other guy paid rent. one roommate (the other renter) was an inconsiderate slob who managed to attract an equally inconsiderate girlfriend. she was rude, bitchy, loud, obnoxious, and worst of all, over all the time. she stayed overnight at least 3-4 nights per week, most of which fell on weekdays. now, the house we lived had one bathroom, which wasn't a big deal since those of us who lived there were all on relatively different schedules. until she "moved in" rent free. at the time, my job was roughly 45 minutes to an hour away from the house. she worked roughly 15 minutes further away than me, but almost the same commute. which was a less than fun multiple expressway route of mass congestion. her job is also a 9-5. so the first time she stayed over... i wake up at my normal time and she is in the bathroom, taking her sweet time, getting ready for work. she got up maybe 5 minutes before me. i knock, politely ask how long she will be, i need to get ready to go to work, etc. i'm eventually allowed access to my bathroom (it's mine, i pay rent, dammit). i rush and get ready for work. this repeats every morning she's over for weeks, despite explaining to her that i get up at xx time to get ready for work- she's free to use it to get ready, but she'll have to work around my schedule. apparently that doesn't matter. i go so far as to tell the boyfriend (roommate) that his girlfriend needs to get ready at her own place or wake up earlier. no change. on to the revenge. i start setting my alarm 10 minutes earlier. just enough time to beat her to the bathroom, but also some precious minutes to grab a few other things--my clothes, a book, breakfast. i do every part of my morning routine behind the locked doors of the bathroom. she'd knock on the door from time to time, and i'd just respond "almost done!" i stayed in there until it was absolutely time for me to leave for work. and on my way out of the bathroom, i smiled and waved and told her to "have a great day!" i continued on like this until she finally got the hint and started staying weekdays at her own place, or when she did stay over, she was waking up in time to leave to go to her home to get ready--my understanding is that it wasn't that far away, anyway.my roomie and i haven't been the best of friends ever since move-in day. she and i don't speak to each other unless it's required. i've been kind and respectful to her; however, she's been pretty rude to me: she makes lots of noise in the morning, slams the door when i'm sleeping, and even flips the light (which is on the wall over my bed) on to get ready in the morning. all wake me up, but were minor annoyances until one night. that particular night, she had her boyfriend over without telling me. i returned from my study session at 2 am, intending to collapse into bed and sleep the weekend away. however, i got back to the room positively *reeking* of a mixture of sex, bo, and unwashed man. they were under the covers having sex up until i made my presence known by dropping my backpack on the floor. she poked her head out of the covers and glared at me, clearly hoping i would leave so the sex could continue. so i opened up my laptop and watched some movies instead. without earbuds.so last year my boss, more specifically my boss's boss's boss said no halloween costumes next year. i was quite annoyed because no one has ever complained or had an issue with the costumes i and my coworkers have worn. so, i wondered, how could i wear a costume without getting in trouble? well, i figured they can't get me in trouble for over dressing for work! yes, very petty, and i didn't get a complaint all day! when people asked what i was, i let them decide since it wasn't 'officially' a costume but simple work attire. i work at a hotel part-time to help pay my way through college. i'm a desk clerk but because my bosses are cheap, part of my job is also to put out breakfast in the morning. now, a lot of our guests are construction workers who like to show up 20-30 minutes early for breakfast and get surly when it's not already out at that time. usually it is, but sometimes i get busy with paperwork or other things and it gets put out right at 6 am. yesterday morning, a guest kept me very busy so breakfast wasn't put out until 6:15 am. cue these construction workers waiting in the breakfast area talking about me in spanish saying the most horrific things ("where was that bitch?", "at least she's cute," things like that) while i was hurrying to put breakfast out. i didn't let on that i knew what they were saying and just put out the cereal, fruit, etc out as quickly as possible. ^(i could understand them being angry if they had to be at work at, say, 6:30, but their work vans don't come to pick them up till after 7:30 am.) this morning, as revenge, i made every single pot of coffee decaf. call me a bitch because you had to wait 15 minutes after i apologized profusely and explained the situation? enjoy falling asleep on the job. edit: don't worry, the construction workers are the only ones who eat that early so once they left i replaced the decaf with regular coffee. context: i'm a college student and i live in a one-room space with my roommate. i've lived with my roommate for the better part of a year now (we re-roomed this year). she cannot get up to save her life in the mornings. or, at least, she can't when i'm there. (she's admitted that she got up just fine when i was gone for a week due to surgery.) this means she's been relying on me to wake her up unnecessarily. i was already a little irked by the fact that a grown adult couldn't rely on an alarm, but this really got under my skin. the revenge? i've started to wake her up with just enough time to rush out of the door. she can still make it to class, but there's no such thing as a peaceful morning for her anymore.this morning, my sister had to go back to her university 3 hours away, and i was supposed to wake up and give her a ride to her boyfriend's house. she's kind of a bossy bitch, and was making a big fuss the night before about wanting to be out the door at specifically 5:30. i have a morning class at 7:00 at the local community college, so i was trying to get us to leave at 6. she got my dad involved, and he told me to "get my ass up at 5". being the frustrated and annoyed teenager i am, i decided to get revenge, but not just any kind; the petty kind. so i hid just one of her new shoes, underneath her own bed. she woke up this morning and after everything was in the car, she began to frantically search for her precious shoe, but never once underneath her own bed. screw you, sister. buttnugget.a couple years back, i was headed off to tech school after completing basic training. because i'm air force, we had these cozy little 2 person 'dorms' with a shared bathroom to the 2 person room next door. i was brand new, just out of basic training (meaning i was a little stockholm syndrome child for a minute), and looking forward to meeting some new friends. i was given my room assignment, and happily head off to meet the girl i was *convinced* would be my lifelong friend. this was very much a foolish notion. to start out, this girl (from here on out bitch face, or bf) tells me not to unpack my bags, because she's too stressed to share a room. **tink tink** go my eyelids, as i truly could not comprehend what she was saying to me. obviously this was a *completely bullshit* excuse, and our chain of command told her to deal with it. life continues on. bf was rude. i mean rude. she would microwave strange foreign food and fried chicken in our room, stinking the place up to high heaven, and then refuse to take the trash out with her smelly remains. she was messy as all hell, shopping every weekend and throwing bags and tissue paper and tags all over. and then came the strangest part... this chick would hide under her covers at night, on her cell phone with her boyfriend, and have weird phone sex. because obviously, just like monsters can't get you under the covers, your roommate *four feet away* can't hear you describing what you'd do to his dick. seriously. she would also complain about her 'bitchy, white roommate'. under the covers. fully aware that i was awake. i never even really got pissed about all this, i was just fascinated by how her depraved little brain worked. so lo and behold, bf actually *fails out* of the course we're taking, and has to get shipped back home like the little loser she is. when clearing out of her room, there has to be an inspection from the cadre, just like moving out of an apartment. well apparently she wanted to stick it to me **one last time** and after getting cleared, she somehow got back into our room and fucking trashed it. i mean trashed it. i came home to trash dumped, papers everywhere, food wrappers, shoe boxes, fucking sand??? i was actually truly impressed by the effort she went to just to piss me off one last time. so i clean and clean, because it's *my ass* now if the room gets inspected, and i still cared at that point in time. there i am, little babiizombii with multiple trashbags of pure fuckery, when i grab the last remaining shit show trash pile from under her bed. this shoe box felt... heavy. at this point in time, i truly thought that bf had fucking shit in a box, because seriously, what else?? i open the box (i've never claimed to be bright), and what is in there? a brand new pair of coach shoes. gorgeous. classic coach tag still on them. never been worn. i sat in shock, and then promptly ripped my own shoes off to try them on. the fates shone down upon me, and they fit like they'd been made for me. incredible. this is the best day of my life. where's the petty revenge, you ask? well a day later, when bf realized she somehow left her brand new shoes behind, she goes through her phone list until someone gives her my number, and she texts me, sweet as pie. "hey old roomie! sorry i didn't get a chance to clean up... did you perhaps find my shoes i left? you can send them to this address: [address]." seeing this beautiful moment, and happening to be out for the weekend getting drinks with friends in my brand new shoes, i snap a picture of my cute feet crossed in these gorgeous shoes, cocktail casually in hand within the shot. i text it to her, with the following line: "do they look like this?" never heard from her again. **edited for awful formatting errors.**hitler doesn't have anything on me after what i just did. my roommate, who is late on his part of the rent **again** is going to get up shortly, shower, shit, and shave or atleast try to. what he doesn't know is that i just used the last towel we had and put it in the washing machine with all the dirty ones. i've also used all the hot water and our crappy heater won't have any ready by the time he gets in! since i was in there for so long i had to entertain myself and since it's starting to heat up here in missoura and since my roommate only has one razor left at the moment i decided to do some very extensive manscapping. i am now smoother than a babies bottom and laughing at the fact that he's going to be using that same razor on his face. lastly i've ruined his morning pooping ruitine by getting our only of toilet paper sopping wet by "accidentally" knocking it in the sink. to top it all off and make sure his day sucks ass i've hidden the coffee filters and anything else he could use in their place! **ahahahahaha that will teach you to pay your share of the rent on time asshole!** or, you know, not. either way revenge is mine!i work overnight and came downstairs this afternoon to an empty cup of halloween candy. it was mine, he knew it was mine because he saw my boyfriend give it to me as a gift. he is always eating things that are explicitly mine and not for him-- one morning, i bought hummus for lunch and put my name on it and told him not to touch it and everything. of course, not only had he eaten it in the four hours i was gone, he had put the empty container back in the fridge. to mock me. so guess what, motherfucker. he's sitting on the couch and i sat down and took the remote. he's super anal about muting commercials. so not only am i not muting them, any time any content comes on, i immediately change the channel until i find commercials. he still hasn't realized what i'm doing and looks up from his phone with hope every time something that isn't an ad pops up. i'm cackling evilly on the inside. i wonder when he'll figure it out. so fuck you, chris. enjoy this ad for kitkats that you have seen eight times in the past half an hour. that was my only halloween candy.a long time ago eddie murphy was shooting one of his beverly hills cop movies at a location across the street from my (fathers) house. i was a big fan at the time. my father was a senior member of the staff at this location as well, so he had arranged to have a little surprise for me. as this was a busy city location, the movie studios would have to rent space for their trailers in parking lots (like where my dad worked) and put a few in people's driveways and yards. our house had a very long driveway with a rear parking area, which fit about 6 trailers. our neighbor had a short driveway which fit one trailer, but then opened onto our lawn. there were no other nearby homes with long driveways for at least a few blocks - they were all much smaller properties. anyway, mr. murphy's trailer just "happened" to be on our neighbors driveway, opening onto our front yard. cool! i got to see him come and go a few times, and was allowed on set. it was very cool watching them film, and i even noticed a stunt double not wearing a watch when mr. murphy was. i mentioned it to the staff and they actually re-shot a scene because of it. i was ecstatic to have helped (and yes, the scene made it into the final movie). anyway, my dad suggested i go knock on mr. murphy's door and invite him and his entourage to use our pool and hot tub. at the time i was in 7th grade, so i was just a kid, but i was thrilled to meet a movie star and maybe have him as a guest at our house. i knocked and he answered his door, and after i offered ... he told me to fuck off, and slammed the door in my face. :( yeah, i was pretty much destroyed, and went crying back to my dad. my dad was slightly less than impressed, and the next day at work he told the movie company what happened, and that they could no longer park their trailers on the business grounds! they also could no longer use our driveway, and he asked my neighbors to do the same (and they did). they had to stop shooting for a few days to move everything. as i recall, the nearest location they found to fit all their trailers was about 2 miles away. i was thrilled my dad stuck up for me. so, eddie murphy is an asshole, but he got what he deserved.i moved into a new place and as soon as the weather got nice out a rather annoying thumping started up against one side of my house. oh great, the twin tweenage boys like to wail soccer balls against our adjoining fence. the ball kicking continued daily and would go on until it ended up flying into our yard, and then instead of coming to get it or asking for it they continued until rest of the soccer balls they owned made it into our yard (they have a lot of soccer balls.) then if we didn't throw them back, which i stopped doing after a few months because i had other things to do with my time, their mother would come and ask for their balls back after a few days. we asked if there was anything they could do to maybe avoid kicking so many balls over the fence, or ya know just come fetch them on their own so it wasn't my job. nope. apparently the old neighbours were okay with it so we should be too. eventually, after waking up my toddler several times, almost hitting him in the head and the last straw waking me up when i was super pregnant from a nap i had enough. i went and dug through our sports equipment, found the air pump, went and got the balls, emptied them of all their air while giggling with childish delight and threw their empty ball carcasses over the fence onto their trampoline for them to discover when they came back out. that was the last time a ball ever came over our fence. my husband tells me it was a childish thing to do, sure was, and it was god damn satisfying. tl;dr at the bottom. **situation** so i just started college this summer, and the roommate i got paired up with was fine for two weeks. now he seems to have developed a habit of leaving his key in the room any time i'm there because i'll just open the door for him on the inside. i didn't mind the first few times, until i realized he wasn't even trying to remember his key, he was just using me as a doorman. several times a day he expected me to stop whatever i was doing, and go open the door for him, because he couldn't be bothered with it. i know it's not a big deal but i'm usually in bed with a book or a laptop i don't want to rearrange myself once an hour for no reason. and there is absolutely no reason for him not to carry his key. it's just a card that opens the door when he gets close, and he wears cargo shorts everyday so it's not lack of pockets to keep it in. if he had simply asked "do you mind opening the door for me all the time so i don't have to carry my key?" i would have said yes. i would have been a little annoyed but i would have said yes. **revenge** last night while he was out in the lobby, i decided i was tired. i turned my phone off got into bed and fell asleep. i'm a fairly heavy sleeper so knocking on the door isn't going to be enough to wake me up, and if you make too much noise the ra will get mad. he had to stay out in the dorm hallway all night. **bonus** he usually has an alarm every morning to wake him up at 7:00 the really annoying iphone emergency one that goes "dah dah dah" like there's a fire. he leaves it on for up to twenty minutes because he's too lazy to turn it off, despite the fact that he is right next to it. today was the first day in the last month i got to sleep past 8:00 am which is a ton of sleep because i went to bed before 11:00. **tl;dr** roommate expects me to open the door for him because he's too lazy to carry his key. i let him sleep in the hall.when i lived in college i rented a tiny house behind a larger house. they had a large parking area that could fit 3-4 cars next to the driveway. the only way for me to drive back to my house was a shared driveway. the front house was occupied by some frat brothers who loved to have people over. which was fine, except instead of asking people to park on the street(or down the street, depending on party size), they would park in the driveway, blocking my access. sometimes i'd just park in the street and walk back to my house, which just stoked my irritation. but most annoying was when i would wake up to being blocked in. i'd have to bang on their door for several minutes to get someone to answer and move the offending vehicle, typically making me late to class. one night i get home late, around 1 am, and there are three cars in the driveway. and i have had enough. there was just enough room for me to squeeze into the driveway, inches from the back bumper of the last truck. this meant i was blocking in those three cars, as well as all but one in the parking area. and the one that wasn't blocked would have to do some serious maneuvering to get out. i took the long walk back to my house, planning what snide and ugly thing i might say the next day. picturing the next day when they'd be forced to schlep back to my house and ask me to unblock them. i intended to take my sweet time answering the door. i woke up the next day about 1 pm and no one had come! they had maneuvered all those cars around, no telling how long it took, leaving only my car in the driveway, rather than come get me. that was even more satisfying to me than if they'd come to get me. for the next six months i lived there, they never once blocked me in again. my condo neighbors are pretty much an annoying waste of space. they don't help out with anything, rarely take out the trash, yet are always complaining about stuff that they find inconvenient. they pretty much treat the other neighbors as servants they expect to do their bidding. after returning from vacation, i noticed the neighbors' kiddie pool laying out on the lawn. it had obviously been there for a while, as the grass underneath was beginning to die. knowing it would do no good to say anything, i rolled up the hose they'd left lying around as well, moved the pool off the lawn, and prepared to mow the lawn, which of course had not been mowed since before i left. they use the lawn, but have not mowed it once in the 2+ years they've lived there. a couple minutes later, the neighbor arrives in her car. i am at the other end of the lawn, pulling out some weeds, so i don't notice until a couple minutes later that she has taken the kiddie pool and moved it back to the lawn out of pure spite. after moving the kiddie pool off the lawn again so i could actually mow, a chance for revenge presents itself. i hear that the neighbors had come out onto their deck and are attempting to have a nice quiet dinner outside. well, our lawn is not that big, so we don't have an electric mower, but we do have a very loud weed whacker. well, guess what? i suddenly developed the desire to whack the edges of the lawn... slowly and thoroughly. sorry for any grammatical errors, etc. typed this on my tablet. i work at a bakery and have to get up really early in the morning, so i try to be asleep around 8:30 or 9. these kids have been giving my family trouble for a while, so i already dislike them. anywho, it was a friday night and i was dozing off a little later than normal, around 10ish. then all of a sudden i hear screaming outside my window (i keep it open because the fresh air relieves my asthma a bit) and after 15 minutes of hoping it will stop, i get up to investigate. i look outside and see about 10 kids around 9-12 years old running around the cul-de-sac chasing each other. all over the cul-de-sac, around my car, in our garden (destroying our flowers), etc. i don't care if they want to play outside at 10 in the evening, but why do they have to scream at the top of their lungs and run through the garden and destroy things? i head downstairs out of anger (because after closing the window, i can still hear them loud and clear) and get some water when i have an idea. i grab my car keys and wait. one of the kids decides to run behind my car and another tries to catch him and bangs into my car. so i hit the panic button and watch them scatter. this happens one more time and finally they shut up and go inside and i get to finally go to sleep. it was so satisfying. tl;dr- kids were keeping me awake by screaming while they were running in the garden destroying things, so i hit the panic button on my car to scare them off.okay so i just stumbled on this sub today and i think i once did something you all would enjoy. so back when i was in elementary school, i was a pretty busy kid. my parents both work full time and i'm their only child so i among my many chores was keeping the driveway clean. easy, right? except that once in a while people let their dogs take a crap there and it's all ewww and gross and smelly. so one day i came home from school and this new lady in the block was walking her poodle (? it was small, white and curly but i don't know jack shit about dogs tbh) a few meters in front of me. when they reached our driveway, the dog swerved right and dropped like six or seven turds while walking, a few paces in between each. i didn't even know dogs did that. the lady didn't even bother. that was too much. my pride as a driveway-sweeper was hurt. "excuse me, ma'am, you lost something on our driveway!", i yelled. but she just turned around, sneered at me and went on like nothing happened. then it struck me - it must have been her dog that had ruined my driveway with increasing frequency lately! so i did what any reasonable nine year old would do: i grabbed my trusty shovel, swept all the turds on there and marched over to her house (being paranoid someone would see me and i'd get in trouble all the while) and dumped them on her doorstep, patting them firmly into the mat with my shovel and ringing the bell when i was satisfied with the mess, then running away and giggling maniacally. i never told my parents about this but i saw her on my way home after that a few times. she'd always glare at me but the frequency of dog poop in the driveway went back to normal. my wife and i bought a home and are moving in in mid may. we wanted to find someone to take over our apartment's lease in june, as our lease expired on july 1st and wanted to avoid paying one extra month if we could. so we put an ad for the apartment with a clear note (in the ad title no less) that the apartment was for june and not july (this is quebec, where like all leases renew on july, so we made it obvious). several people come in, and we make sure with all of them that june was indeed their move in date. we settle on this quiet woman, and tell the landlord we found someone for them to meet. so they meet (i wasn't there - i offered but they told me i didn't need to be there), and that bitch goes and signs for a lease in july! i was pissed, and since she signed, i can't tell her to fuck off and go with someone else (i gave my landlord an earful as well, as they knew we were looking for june). well, we won't make it easy on her. all those curtains she liked, which we told her we had no intention of bringing along to the new house? guess what, you'll have to deal with direct sunlight now, cause we'll take them with us and put them away somewhere! and that $20 rug i cut with to fit in the small corner in front of the entrance? maybe i'll roll it and store it in the shed for years before throwing it away, but it surely won't be there to put your shoes on when you enter your new apartment!i live in an apartment building that has seven apartments besides mine, and we all share a large bank of mailboxes. we get lots of junk mail here. i hate it, but i just throw it away and go on about my day. my neighbors, not so much. a few of the other residents have taken to piling up their junk mail on top of the mailbox. this looks really bad and trashy, and ends up falling all over the ground and getting everywhere in the hall. on top of that, it just ends up staying there untill i clean it up, because we dont really have a cleaning crew for the halls. so, i have started looking at the address on the mail, and leaving it in front of the doors of the people who left it out. seems to be working so far. tl;dr clean up your own trash please.i moved to los angeles about a year ago, and the neighborhood i live in has a lot of dogs. these dogs are not treated well, most of them are barely more than security devices to their owners. i can understand that, not that i agree with it. i have a dog as well, that i like to take on walks. unfortunately, there's pretty much no direction i can go without being barked at constantly, often from inches away from my face. it was really pissing me off, so i decided to do something about it in the most passive aggressive way possible. there's this one dog that lives right by my house, which is a fucking massive german shepherd, and its bark literally causes pain in my ears it's so loud. so i put in my headphones, leaned up against a tree and browsed reddit for 15 minutes, right in front this giant fucking dumb sonic booming dog. the whole time it's just getting more and more insane with it's barking. finally a light comes on, and this lady comes out in a bathrobe trying to get her dog to shut up. my cue to leave. hope you like being woke up by your dog before the sun comes up every morning. i'm especially excited to do this on the weekend.i lived in apartment style dorms on a college campus with three guys, a, c, and f (not initials, but instead, their gpas). a was a great guy and we hung out often, c was a cool enough guy but kept to himself, and f, a friend of c's, was a total asshole. f frequently blasted loud music from his laptop even though he had headphones, rearranged furniture to his liking when nobody else agreed to it, ate food that wasn't his, was a complete womanizer, and constantly made a mess of the kitchen. he also firmly believed the universe revolved around him. i'm not kidding when i say he once told me, "this is my world, everyone else is a guest in it." i could go on ranting about the various ways he pissed us all off, but our move out day was the worst of them all. in the week prior, he told us to sign up for a room to clean - bathroom, common room, dining room, etc., because there was a hefty fine if you left your apartment in a terrible state when you moved out. because he used it often, f agreed to clean the kitchen (the filthiest room in the place). now, a bit of background that will be important later: earlier in the week, c accidentally knocked a hole in the wall, so we needed to get a paper from our resident advisor (ra) saying "c agrees to solely pay for damaging the wall". we all signed it and handed it back to the ra. move out day rolls around and f sleeps in until 1pm. a, c and i all woke up around 11am and cleaned our respective rooms and went to campus to take any final exams we had left. f finally wakes up and leaves to take a final without a word to any of us. everything is spotless but the kitchen is disgusting - old food, stains, crap in the sink and on the floor, the works. f finally comes home while a and c are off doing finals. i've already finished and i'm packing all my belongings. i look up to see f walk in the front door, stare at the kitchen, then turn to me with a grin. "i've gotta go to work, so i'm gunna go ahead and be a bad roommate and not clean the kitchen. have a nice life!" then he grabbed his box of belongings and left. i was stunned that he'd just screwed us all over without a care in the world. eventually a and c come home and i explain what happened, which pisses them off just as much. that's when i remembered the paper we all signed and agreed to. i hurried to my ra's apartment and told him what had happened, then asked him for the paper back so i could write "f agrees to solely pay any &amp; all additional fines related to damages or cleaning". my ra replied, "normally i wouldn't allow something this unethical, but f has made my job hell this year, so as far as i'm concerned you haven't given me this yet." i took the paper back, wrote out my petty revenge with a and c agreeing it should be done, then turned it back in. i heard through the grapevine he ended up getting an uncomfortably large bill over the summer...we live in a pretty friendly area. we know and like all of our neighbors. almost everyone has a dog or two and we let them play in the giant park across the street as sort of an unofficial dog park. my bf has the morning shift of romping in the park and on his way home some random lady 50 yards away starts screaming about the dogs being off leash, she's gonna "follow them home and call animal control." bf shrugs it off and heads inside. i'm just waking up, i sleep in the nude. he's telling me about the park lady when he looks out the window sure as shit she's outside our house and on the phone. so i did what any nudist would do at 9am waking up to some lady standing in my driveway. i opened the blinds and waved at her. sipped my coffee and complemented the day. hi neighbor! her jaw drops, she turned immediately and walked away. fast. bf trucks behind her, "just following you home, in case i need to make a report" animal control never came by. hopefully that neighbor learned to mind her own business.my roommate sucks. we've been renting a house together for about 9 months. 3 left on the lease, and i *can't wait* to get out of there. let's call her sr, for shitty roomie. i won't go into all of the details of her suckiness, cause this would turn into a novel, but one major point of contention is her boyfriend. (srb.) he is at the house 24/7 except when he's at work. he cooks and makes messes, but never does any dishes. (no dishwasher.) she won't do his dishes cause they aren't hers, and "all he eats is pizza." he has a music studio set up in the front room, and is constantly practicing music with his various friends. same songs, same chords, over. and over. and over. he showers daily, shaves in the sink and doesn't wipe it up, and they blamed me when the sink got clogged. not to mention he talks to me like i'm lower than a piece of shit stuck to the bottom of his shoe. i could go on, but suffice it to say he sucks. sr and i talked a few months ago about srb needing to contribute. if i had it my way he'd be paying a third of the rent, but because they share a room i relented on that. however, i told her flat out that he needs to pay a portion of the utilities. this month, as always, it came up again. sr now says that we never agreed to that. apparently, the only time he uses internet is when they are watching something together, and the only time he uses electric is when they're together. i guess he sits in the dark anytime she's not there. pure. bullshit. i could go on about her calling me a cunt, saying she could have any guest she wants at the house, so on and so forth, but again. full on novel. so we'll cut to the petty revenge. i changed my hulu and netflix passwords and kicked all active devices. fuck you, sri drive my own truck, and i plow to keep the roads safe and clear. when i drive by someone who snow blows snow into the freshly plowed street, my blood boils. there's plenty of space on their lawn to put it. not only will these people blow it into the street, they'll blow it directly at my truck. okay fine, well i'm usually nice and will angle the plow away to avoid burying people. but these people, i'll ride up the snow bank a bit more to completely bury their driveway again if they want to be assholes. so last night i went with my family and a friend to a corn maze/haunted house. it cost $7 for the corn maze or $13 for the corn maze and haunted house. 8 of us bought the corn maze tickets. when my friend got there a short time a short time later the attendant insisted she had to buy both tickets at $13. even when she explained she didn't want the haunted house part she said she had to. after we were done in the maze we tried to get her a refund on the haunted house part but the manager said "sorry...no refunds". well when the first 8 of us went in there was actually no one taking tickets so we just all walked in so when we were leaving i gathered all 8 unused tickets and went outside the gate and started handing them to people in line waiting to buy tickets. 8 people were very happy to get free tickets. won't refund us $6? ...i'll give away $56 worth of your tickets. i was just reminded of this story while chatting with my current so. a few years ago i dated a horrible, abusive, severely homophobic person. one night he called me to say he'd be home soon. he asked me if i'd blow him when he got home. i could hear giggling in the background so i asked him if i was on speaker phone. he said no but he was a dirty lying liar so i knew i was. he asked me again, " will you blow me when i get home? " "no," i replied, "but i'll fuck your ass with your dildo the way you like. " his friends start cracking up and he started cursing at me. he didn't talk to me for days after that. worth it.so this happened 10 minutes ago. some family is visiting with their dog, and being that i don't have one i enjoy taking it for walks to do it's business. i live in an area with a lot of condos and nice apartments. theres a lot of pet owners, that means a lot of asshats that don't pick up their dogs shit. so i just left my building when i cross an old neighbor (we moved recently) her dog is squatting in the middle of our driveway, i made a mental note and keep walking. on our way back what do i see? so i use a bag, pick it up and plan to throw it on her doorstep. as i walk in the building, guess what rollie pollie is on her way out to have a smoke. i hand her the bag of shit and say " here, we almost stepped in this shit" and walk away. her awkward/ashamed face was fantastic! pick up after your pet.this happened a few years ago. i was in college, living in what i called the 'student ghetto.' my neighbors were a couple of girls, who were 21, living out of the dorms or parents house for the first time. unfortunately for them, they had all sorts of problems with break-in's to their home, it happened about four times. one day, we had to enter the crawl space (the area under the house where all the heating/cooling equipment was located). when we got down there, we realized why the house had been broken into. there was a homeless person residing down there! we found fast food wrappers all over the place, and one of the cups still had ice in it! we called the landlord and he didn't care at all. refused to come down to even and put a lock on the door to the crawlspace! so, i went to the local hardware store to get a lock, and when i got there, a better idea dawned on me. i purchased about twenty of the biggest screws i could find and a phillips head bit that i wasn't afraid to get ruined. then i came back to the neighbors house, went back into the crawlspace to make sure no one was under there (didn't want any homeless people to be harmed in my petty revenge on the landlord). then i screwed the door to the crawlspace closed with a screw every inch or so the entire way around the door. i stripped the screws to make it nearly impossible, and certainly a giant pain in the ass, to ever remove them. the girls got to live the rest of the lease without any break-ins, then moved to a different house. mr. landlord, good luck getting in the crawlspace to ever do any maintenance work on your heating and cooling system. tl;dr landlord wouldn't protect innocent girls from break-ins, so i effectively permanently sealed off his access to the heating/cooling system.this morning i stopped by the list office to mail a package. i am in line behind three people when mr. nopersonalbubble comes up behind me. i shift forward a hair, and so does he. when the next person is called, i move forward, and so does nopersonalbubble. he is even closer than he was before this time. seriously, close enough that he could have been looking at my phone screen over my shoulder. so, i put my phone away, and when the next person was called, i didn't move an inch, but the person behind him did. now sandwiched, he had to awkwardly wait for space to be restored until i was called. take that space invader!as the title states, during my junior year in college i lived in an apartment complex where the landlords didn't give any prior notice before showings. what they would do is give you a card with all the days and times there could be showings with most of them circled. they always argued this was enough of a notice. i realize it's illegal, but knew that i'd probably have to go to court to deal with it that way. another tenant had tried to discuss this with the landlords who told him he was "just a college student and they were a complany. they'd just say they gave notices and they would win." they also made a snide comment about my partner and i sleeping when they came unannounced one morning. i started leaving any sex toys or supplies i had out in plain view all over the apartment whenever i left. vibrators, condoms, a pair of handcuffs... just as uncomfortable as i could make it look. kept it up for about two weeks. then, one day, i got a phone call from the landlord. she was informing me of a showing the next day between 2:30 and 3. from then on, i got regular notices for showings. edit: just noticed the typo in the title. my bad. i promise i r smartlast year, i lived in a big row of townhouses, conjoined on either side. my bedroom was in the basement, and my neighbour presumably had a bedroom on the other side of the wall. now, these walls are paper thin. i can hear sneezes, conversations, even loud farts. well, this neighbour lives with about four other guys our age, and usually at least two are home at any given time. well i guess the gentleman in question had the house to himself (a rare occurrence) one night at about 2 am. he is just blasting porn. terrible, fake, girl screaming for 25 minutes porn. anyway, i knock politely on the wall. nothing. knock again. not certain, but i think the volume went up. two can play this game, motherfucker. so i hook up my gigantic speakers to my lap top (its important to note that my roommate wasn't home either) and search for 'noisy gay threesome' or something on youporn. oh god, so much man-grunting, and dirty talking to boot. and so fucking loud. yeah he turned it off.well, more specifically, he was forced to find a new place after the lease ended because he wasn't paying attention. this was a number of years ago, just after college. i'd rented a two bedroom apartment with a friend of a friend type, since we were both staying in the same town after college. i planned it to only be temporary, and this was the case. has things gone amicably, i'd never have done what i did. the guy, however, turned out to be a roommate from hell. he was always late in getting his share of the rent and utilities to me, sometimes as much as two weeks after constant badgering. all of the utilities were in my name, and i didn't want my credit score to get fucked up for non-payment. he never cleaned in any way. the bastard never took out the trash or recycling, he only did his dishes when absolutely pressed, could never be bothered to even touch the vacuum, and so on. i had conversations with him about sharing the workload, and was dismissed. the asshole would even leave cookware with food in it after using it. i didn't want the place adrian monk levels of clean. at the very least, i wanted "women won't vomit in disgust and then run in horror". nope. this jackass was having none of that. he also would blast the tv or music at all hours, even 2am. i was counting down the days until the end of the lease. when the lease renewal came, my idea for revenge sprung into my mind. when he was distracted by a particularly intense/close baseball game, i got him to sign it. i just said "hey, man, the lease renewal came, you need to sign this." he signed without looking at it at all, and said "now fuck off i'm watching the game." well, he probably should have checked the document he signed, since i had marked the box stating that we would not be renewing the lease and would be out at the end of the month. i mailed it in immediately. i already had plans to move out of state, and had pretty much locked down lodging in my new area. over the course of the month, i slowly moved everything of mine out of the apartment into a storage unit. the lease ended on sunday evening, and he worked weekends and then went out to the bar right after work. so on friday the 29th, i rented a bigass u-haul, loaded much of the storage unit stuff, and parked it somewhere safe. on saturday the 30th, i got some help to move the rest of everything that i owned outright: furniture, the living room tv, and every last goddamn thing in the kitchen. i had the truck loaded and i hit the road, headed several states away. the fucker came home to an empty apartment and a photocopy of the agreement that we'd be out by 11:59pm on the 31st of the month. oh. i'd also cancelled all of the utilities, since they were in my name. effective the 31st. **edit:** since some folks are concerned that i made him homeless, he wasn't really. he ended up couch-surfing for a couple months before renting with someone else. i later learned that he wasn't any better a roommate for them that he had been for me.i live in a large, older style apartment building. we have these two neighbors that live above us that i swear wear cinder blocks for shoes. as a heavy walker myself, i do my best to ignore it though. however that all changed when i would get the "you're being too loud" stomps on my ceiling during the afternoon or early evening. i would be playing my acoustic guitar or something. that's is, nothing obnoxious. the noise curfew is 11:00pm and we would be hours from it. plus none of what i was doing would even justify a noise complaint. no parties, no stereo, nothing like that. so on top of this, they are one of loudest units in the building. loud music, sporting events, constant pounding, yelling, and what seems like furniture moving and falling over every day. i couldn't let them get away with their ignorance anymore. so since it is an old building, all the units that stack on one another share water pipes. i almost have their shower schedule down to a t. so i mess with my shower nobs and randomly flush the toilet whenever they're showering. sometimes i can even hear them yelling and cursing about the fluxing water temperature while they're in the shower. puts a big smile on my face. enjoy your bipolar showers, jerks. tl/dr: upstairs neighbors pound on my ceiling, i ruin all their showers.i own a wooden shed in my backyard. complaint after complaint was filed with the city by my local hoa that my wooden shed was the color of wood. $350 in fines later i was required to paint my shed within 72 hours. i was so friggen angry that i went to the hardware store and asked for the brightest color he could find on his chart and this is the result. after a few months and seeing the avengers we changed it to this we now have a sign in the yard that says "our house gets painted purple next time" edit: to those of you mentioning the purple house that was in the south side of milwaukee, i live in milwaukee and that is where i got the idea from. and the idea of the threat. edit 2: ive mentioned this in the comments but there isnt an actual hoa in my neighborhood, what they are is a bunch of older retired folks with nothing else to do so they call the city until our neighborhood inspector comes out to cite one of the millions of obscure laws at his disposal so they stop calling him.i live in a nice 3 bedroom townhouse with two other roommates. a few nights ago, being 20 somethings, a night on the town is deemed in order. i was working the next day at 6am so attending this shindig with my roommates and friends was out of the question so i stayed home. my entire house has walls made out of cardboard, i swear. you can hear everything no matter where you are. using the toilet upstairs? yep, we can hear it all downstairs. every last drop. anyways, i digress. i am snoozing away and of course when everyone, roommates and friends and their new "friends" from the bar arrive, it is like a god damned fanfare going down main st. it is currently 3:12am and i am now wide awake. i browsed the internet for awhile, and waited for them to all drunkenly slumber away. house is quiet, i sneak slowly down the stairs and start quietly pulling out two large steel pots. i cannot describe the amount of power i felt, standing with my hands over my head, two big pots ready to go. at the sound of the first explosive clang, our friend on the couch bolts straight up like a cartoon character, feet flying trying to run. he gains traction, and is pointed directly at our sliding screen door. as the second gong sounds, he runs full speed right through the screen door onto the concrete patio, yelling gibberish. i am now in full swing, blasting away walking through the house with the pots. i can hear yelling coming from both of the both of the rooms. i decide to stop mainly because i am laughing so hard i can barely stand up. apparently, my male roommate thought someone was breaking in to kill us all and barricaded himself in his bathroom with a baseball bat. my female roommate and her "friend" for the night both spazzed out as my onslaught occurred and she accidentally punched him in the mouth. i fear for my life for whatever they have planned for me. tl:dr i woke up drunk roommates by banging pots and pans at 3am. hilarity ensues.quick revenge story from last weekend. my roommate and i have been friends since high school ten years ago, lived together for the last three. for the most part, things have been great, we get along well and both of us are easy going to not sweat any minor things. lately though she's gotten very careless - i've gradually had to take over doing almost all the cleaning, dishes, etc. plus i don't think she's bought groceries once over the last three or four months. my first petty revenge was to stop buying groceries myself, letting the fridge gradually empty as we ate through things. i've seen her come in, open the fridge and get frustrated when there's nothing there. but it gets better! on sunday, when there was nothing left besides milk, i ordered a pizza before she came home. i ate all i wanted and then gave the last couple slices away to a nice homeless man who's often outside our building. then ... i brought the empty box up to our apartment and left the empty box on the stove. she came home shortly thereafter to the room smelling like pizza with an inviting box sitting in the kitchen. opened it and found ... two leftover crusts! take that!...so i rubbed some grease from the leftover fried chicken on his xbox's power button. now, whenever he's playing, his dog will walk by and sniff the button, turning it off mid-game.i used to work at a medical clinic in the business office. there were approximately 10 of us in the whole office. three of the 10 were smokers. one of the smokers was the office manager. every 2 hours or so the 3 of them would get up, go into the break room, and smoke a cigarette or two. they would smoke and chat for about 30 minutes each time. it chapped my hide that they were essentially taking a 30-minute break every 2 hours. the rest of us (the non-smokers) worked at our desks during that time. we didn't take 30-minute breaks -- we worked. i would get so worked up at how unfair it was that they were sitting there in the break room chatting it up while the rest of us were taking care of business. finally my co-worker and i (there were only the two of us in my particular office space) decided we'd get petty revenge. whenever the smokers would go on their cigarette breaks, we would stop working and quietly chat with each other. the office manager couldn't see us not working -- she was in a completely separate break room. as soon as they finished up their break, we would start working again. little did she know that we had just taken a 30-minute break just like she (and the other two) had.when my son was 15 he was finally about to go to his first big party. i had a sit down with him and had the drug and alcohol talk. i told him i suspect they will drugs and alcohol at the party and he should be very careful of what he does for there are consequences for everything. well i had this conversation with him on a wednesday (party was on a friday) that following thursday i noticed the grass was getting a bit tall, i kept my mouth shut though normally my son and i would cut it together. friday night came around, my son was heading to the party and i said "son don't drink, and don't come home drunk" he promised he wouldn't...i knew my son though. sure as shit enough come 2 am he came home drunk as could be. so know what i did? i prepared him a nice hearty sandwich and a nice cool glass of water. i sat down with him as he ate his sandwich in awe, i was supportive of him. i didn't scold him, i didn't say he was stupid. he apologized for being drunk, i made sure he got to bed safely. we all went to bed, next morning at 8:30 am in the morning i walked into his room with a two pans and made a huge racket, scared the shit out of him, it unsettled his stomach and he threw up on his bed. dragged him out, he got dressed gave him a glass of water and told him "now your going cut that grass" he looks at me and goes "now?" and i go "yes now" he goes "can i do it tomorrow" i said "nope gotta do it now" he goes "why now? why not this evening?" i said "this is your punishment" he goes "but i thought everything was ok?!?" i responded "why do you think that?" he said "cause you made me a sandwich and water and didn't seem angry at all" i responded "never said you weren't in trouble, but no sense in yelling at a drunk man, now go outside and start cutting the grass. he of course went for the riding lawn mower. i said "use the push" he looks at me in disbelief he goes "but..." i go "but nothing your using the push today" i have 2 acres of land...using a push takes a long time he mowed that yard, i sat in the lawn chair with a nice cool glass of tea and supervised. my son to this day still doesn't like to drink. i come from a family of alcoholics. it was important to nip this shit in the bud quickly.a few years back i lived in an apartment underneath one other apartment that housed 8 students. the landlord had set up the cable tv service so that our apartment was the host for the tv control boxes being used upstairs. upstairs could control what programmes they wanted to watch but we had total control on whether the system was plugged into the wall or not. the boys upstairs played obnoxiously loud music most nights. we'd tried talking to them and they weren't particularly neighbourly in their approach. it caused a huge amount of frustration for us: noise control didn't want to hear about it and we all had to sleep with ear plugs. one night the sound was particularly deafening until 4am. the next evening there was a major sports game on tv and they'd invited their mates around to watch it. we were also watching it, but on my roommate's computer which we played through our tv. every time a goal was imminent we disconnected the cable tv from the wall until the goal and its replays were over and done with, then we'd hook it up again. there were screams of frustration from upstairs. we continued this for the full 90 mins of game coverage while still watching it ourselves in peace. it didn't solve the loud music problem but my roommates and i did this sometimes during big games, just to enjoy their yells of frustration. they never had any idea how it was happening.anon to avoid links. freshman year college, roommate and i hated each other, long story, not relevant. but the week before thanksgiving i started getting sick, ignored it, got alot sicker very quickly. she's packing to go home for the holiday and bitching to someone one the phone that i'm faking it, not really sick etc. meanwhile my fever is skyrocketing and i'm starting to hallucinate. i remember telling her that i needed help, needed water, practically begging. she laughs and says 'if you die can i have your stuff', and left. i managed to get to my cellphone and realized that the battery is gone (never did find it, she swears she never touched it, so...) pretty much spaced out after that. a guy i'd been dating for all of three weeks came by the room to see why i was ditching classes and avoiding him, heard what turned out to be me knocking a lamp over, and broke down the door. one trip to the er and a week in his apartment (side note, he had the best roommates in the world, two guys and a girl welcomed me without hesitation and really took care of me) and i come back to the room. she's packed up all of my stuff and shoved it into a corner. my revenge? she had a huge crush on a guy... guess who? yep one of my new boyfriend's roommates. i told him, also told him she was working up the nerve to approach him. end of semester we're at a party and she walked up to him and started talking. he's acting all in to her (award winning performance) then stopped and really loud "wait aren't you mouse's roommate" and started telling random people there "dude she totally left mouse to die in that room". she's trying to blow it off, saying we're such good friends. he just gave her one of those 'scrape it off your shoe' looks and says "bullshit. she's my friend and i wouldn't date you if your nipples dripped brew." he's a bit loud and by the next semester i think he told everyone on campus the story. three years later and i can still remember the look on her face when he said that. especially once the other drunk partiers started in on her. moreso when she realized i was there and listening to it all. i'm now engaged to that 'new boyfriend' (he kicked down a door for me, how could i not) and his friend is going to be his best man. roommate? transferred after freshman year ended. b-bye now.one night i was out clubbing with my friends, and was minding my own business. suddenly a lady came to me and said something (that i couldn't hear over the music). my face said something like "what?" without using my voice. then she just throws her drink in my face. she was super attractive, so she probably just wanted to establish dominance over an average looking guy. i dunno. anyway, after comprehending what just happened, i went to the bar. i got the bartender's attention and ordered a beer. he poured the beer. i grabbed it. i went back to this woman. i looked at her. looked at the beer. and then looked at her again. she understood what was going to happen. she said something along the lines of "don't you fucking dare" quite loudly, so *this* i could hear over the music. i threw the beer right in her face ruining her makeup and everything. after a moment of shock, she ran to her friends and cried. i left satisfied.i worked in gold buying/jewelry sales for a number years. a lot of my customers had those long fake nails. some would get impatient and click them on the glass tops of the show cases. as revenge when i'd give them their id's back i would snap them onto the glass surface and watch the customer struggle as they tried to get their id's.yesterday was my first day off after six days of night shift, but i forgot. so as always i went to sleep at 6pm and woke up at 9pm, took a shower and went to work. my gf knew all along, she even made me coffee to go. so i arrive at work and my coworker is already there. this is when i remembered i had the day off. so anyway, i come home and my gf is laughing her ass off at how she is the best and she tricked me ecc. i admit, it was a good one. later, she goes to bed because she is working early in the morning, and i, fuelled with caffeine, play some games and plot my revenge. you must know, that she sleeps like a bear, so my plan was simple: move all the clocks 2 hours forward, so she would wake up at 3am instead of 5am and go to work 2 hours earlier, just to find there on her computer that it is not time to work yet. first i set her iphone and then all the clocks in the house, and also in the car. altogether 10min of work. i then went to sleep and woke up to 20 phone calls and a lot of messages from her. i didn't call her yet, i want her to suffer a bit more. i'm enjoying my coffee now. update: i got pizza for lunch. oh and also, my gf was not (that) mad, and took it well (as she should because she started it...). i was not mad at all for yesterday , because i'm the one who pranks her usually, and it was a good prank. i'm not one for long stories attached to revenge, but my neighbor had been throwing their labrador's shit over the back fence into your yard. after a joke from my gf which sounded like a suitable evil idea, we picked it up &amp; mixed it into a slurry with a bottle of fish sauce and warm water, and poured it gently on their dog. the dog loved it, and rolled around all over their lawn. oh and the same dog has a permanently accessible doggy door in their laundry. three hours in and out of the house covered in this shit on a warm day.... the evening after we did it they had the best argument about who's responsible for cleaning up after the dog. by the sound of it the dog had tracked fish and shit through most of the house. high five to the dog, who gets extra attention from us in thanks. good boy.so i was going to checkout at the grocery store last night and there is two people in front of me and four or five people behind me. one guy pushes his way through all the people waiting in line to be next to his buddy and puts his stuff in the same section between the little dividers. fine, i thought, they are paying together and he needed to grab some last minute stuff. no problem. nope, he payed separate and just wanted to be next to his buddy and in front of everyone. gave him a dirty look but was ready to forget it when i noticed they were behind me to pull out of the parking lot. what a convenient time to check my phone, rummage through the glovebox, double check my grocery list, and reorganize my groceries in the backseat. after ten minutes of honking and swearing i decided it was time to depart. verrrrrrryyyyy slowly. he was going the same way as me, so i cost him around 15 to 20 minutes of travel time, which is so inconsiderate when he was in such a hurry to check out. so my step brother is a freshman in high school, him and his father have an arrangement where his father will call him about 15 minutes to see if he is awake and ready for school. all week he has turned his phone off so his alarm doesn't go off and his dad cant call him, so he calls me instead. every day this week i have had to wake up early for the just to make sure he gets to school. today he missed the bus for the third day in a row so i plotted my revenge quickly. i grabbed my bluetooth speaker and my phone has a speaker boost app which i set to 15 percent. i sync it up and drive him to school with the car radio on. as we pull up to the school i turn the radio down, put the speaker on the dash, roll the windows down, and hit play. driving up to the front door every single student who was outside heard barbie girl from the car and saw a pissed off step brother in the front seat. he doesn't say a word but i feel the hatred radiating off him. right before he got out i stopped him and said "so, i guess you'll make the bus on monday huh buddy?" he told me to eat a dick and ran off into the school. tl;dr stepbrother interrupts my sleep because he doesn't want to go to school. i take him to school and blast barbie girl to ruin his reputationmy husband loves his lawn. he has researched the way famous golf courses and baseball fields are mowed so that he can have a professional looking lawn all summer. perfectly straight lines, never any stray weeds left. mow in a certain direction so that all the clippings are blown completely away, no huge clumps left laying around. my husband also likes whores. i found out that he has had a girlfriend for 2 years. so yesterday i fired up the old riding lawn mower and spent a few very satisfying hours mowing our yard. back and forth, up and down. big circles, little circles. clumps piling up on all the edges and even bigger clumps in the middle. i mowed the grass wet. that is a cardinal sin in case you didn't know! you wanted it mowed on 5? oops, i mowed it on 1-3, just randomly changing when ever i felt like it! the more my tracks cut a swath through the grass at odd angles, in swoops and circles, the harder i laughed. i giggled and chortled for the better part of the morning. fuck your girlfriend behind my back? buy her a ring and threaten to take my kids away? enjoy having to look at this fucked up mess of a lawn all winter. behold the atrocity: i used to work retail at a thrift store in a really nice neighborhood. our customer demographic was almost entirely made up of middle aged empty nester house wives with too much money and too much time on their hands. they'd come in daily and treat the store and its staff with such disrespect you'd think we had wronged them in some horrible way. but there was no better feeling than finishing ringing up a bitter and mean woman (who has desperately tried to hide the fact she's ageing behind layers of makeup, botox, and other various cosmetic miracles), looking her dead in the eye, and offering her a senior discount. nothing wipes a condescending smile off a face faster. at first i was finding cigarette butts strewn around the front of our 12-unit apartment building, but only from one person. he is a heavy smoker and the family that lived above me when i first moved in warned that he was bad about this. nobody else in out unit smokes and i've never seen anyone from the adjacent units smoking outside either (it's not allowed inside the apts). i started picking up his cigarette butts and placing them near his door, as a nice way of reminding him to throw out his own trash rather than littering up the building i also pay exorbitant rent to live within. one day i found "the smoking gun as i was taking my dog out for a morning walk, a still-burning cigarette next to his car. i flicked it at his door as i was on a time crunch before work and he just so happened to open the door seconds later. i was the only one in proximity so one could put two and two together. he was giving me a dirty look later as i pulled out of my parking spot. cut to yeaterday, i find all the cigarette butts i had tossed from the night before strewn around my door. oh, okay.... so it's other people's responsibility to clean up your shit. well, i wasn't about to play that game so i contacted the apartment office to let them know what was going on, and they informed me they would post a note to his door warning him to either buy an ashtray for outside or to throw them away lest he be hit with a lease violation. (i think they are $75) i get home from my fourth consecutive 12 hour work day (in a rolling metal box, in direct texas sunlight) to find the butts once again littering my doorway as well as a freshly smoked one with the ash still on it. i shrugged, went inside, sprayed all the butts down with aerosol cooking oil and put them back outside in an old pile of bird shit from a nest that was knocked down over his door. when he picks them up he's going to wonder what vile substance just coated his hand. i went ahead and sent a follow up message to the office to let them know this was escalating and that i would rather they confront him than myself. so now that fool is going to get a greasy hand and a rent hike.our downstairs neighbour like to play dance music at unsocial times of the day so loud that it makes our furniture vibrate. despite being told lots of times that we don't appreciate it, he still feels 7am on a sunday morning is a good time for that racket. however, we acquired a new set of speakers and a subwoofer. next time we heard him, we put on slayer through the new kit and left it on for a minute, bass-enhanced, and then turned it off. turns out, shitty downstairs neighbour had turned his down. success!be kind. first time writing a story and english is my second language. i work in a candy factory. my coworker has to write down the temperature of the candy every 15 minutes. another coworker had asked for my cell number. so i grab the pen that was on a desk to write it down. when the my other coworker comes over and snatches it from my hand. tells me i can not use it cause i am using up his ink. i said. oh okay. i wait a few hours and when he is not looking i grab the pen and throw it in the trash. i was amazed how good it felt. edit: i little more info about what happened the desk is a public desk and it the kind that you have to be standing to use. the pen was a cheap one. friend of mine used to be an airline pilot. he was trying to get to sleep one night for a very early wake-up the following morning. the people next door were being loud idiots. laughing, bumping into the shared wall, tv blaring, etc. my buddy complained to the front desk, which quieted the idiots down briefly, but their loud behavior soon continued on into the night. his revenge? just before leaving the hotel at about 3:45am, he set the clock radio alarm to blast country music at 4am, turned it around with the speaker pressed right up against the shared wall, set the volume to max, and left.so i live in a low income housing area of the town i attend college in. i was initially drawn to the apartment i'm currently living in because it was extremely cheap and on the second floor (this is a house converted into two living units). i immediately signed the lease and everything was dandy for the first few weeks. however, i had taken notice of the neighborhood riff raff and was wary to keep my distance. i wasn't exactly scared of a bunch of young teens, but after observing their absolutely appalling nature, i tried to give them no excuse to fuck with me through vandalizing my car or apartment. well, not so long ago, i was sitting on my second story porch, enjoying a cigarette after a long tedious shift, when the teens decided to fuck with me. at first, i didn't realize they were speaking to me, until one of them called out "hey you indian fag!" now even though i'm not indian, people often assume i am because of my skin tone, so i'm aware they're attempting to heckle me. i look up and merely raise my eyebrows in acknowledgment, when one of them kicks over my (full) garbage cans and tells me to get on my knees and pick up my trash you (insert random racist slurs here). they laugh and leave. knowing that i'll be fined by the city if i dont clean up the mess, i begrudgingly clean up the mess. it was while i was kneeling among the strewn garbage that my revenge came to fruition. a few nights later, i was sitting on my porch again waiting for my targets to arrive. sure enough, the pack of them comes strutting down the road talking shit and fucking things up. when they get to my house, i shout at them to keep it down and that theyre being obnoxious. just as i had planned, they took my bait, and the one who had kicked over my trash cans a few days earlier told me that i was a fag and aimed a full forced kick at my trash cans. little did he know that i had filled them to the bursting point with packed down rocks and dirt, making them extremely heavy and almost unmovable. i savored the moments leading up to contact and burst out laughing when the garbage can failed to move and the kid howled out in pain when his foot connected. judging from the time he spent on the ground clutching his foot and the fact that he limped away on the verge of tears, i'm assuming he broke a toe or two. i slept like a fucking king that night. a bit of background: my dad lives out in the country and gets pretty poor cell reception at his house. when he gets home, he usually puts his cell phone on the charger in his bedroom, since the reception is terrible and most people will just call his landline anyway. he spends 90% of his time at home parked on the couch, and if anyone calls him on his cell phone, he grumbles as he gets up, walks back to the bedroom, answers the call, and attempts to quickly tell them to call the landline before the call is dropped. on to the petty revenge. when at work, i leave my cell phone on silent. i meet with clients all day, and i don't really like to have my phone go off in the middle of a meeting. lately, my dad has decided he doesn't like how i don't regularly answer his calls while i'm at work, so he has started leaving me very serious voicemails, saying things like, "this is your father. you should always take my calls. stop putting me through to voicemail." and more often than not, i find out when i call him back that he only called to tell me what his latest deadlift was at the gym. very, very critical information, i know. so i've started calling him back on his cell phone when i know he's at home so he has to get up off the couch and grumble all the way back to his bedroom to answer it and tell me he is at home and to call the landline. take that, dad! edit: i a word. edit 2: and, yes, my dad is lonely. but i talk to and see him regularly. he is merely unreasonable on occasion in that he expects me to drop everything i'm doing to take his every call. he usually ignores my calls when he is at work, so it's a very obvious double standard.so i'm doing some backpackering/traveling right now. the other day i arrive at a hostel and wait to check in. there's one girl working the front desk, and she's telling a british guy that he will be charged extra because he moved from the single bed that he had paid for to a double bed, which costs more as usually two people share it. this guy is clearly the privileged drinking holiday type, and he yells and yells at this girl that she's trying to rip him off and he won't stand for it. she tries repeatedly to explain the policies for switching beds without asking and for different bed sizes/prices, but he keeps talking over her and cutting her off before she can finish a single sentence, and finally culminates with a condescending, "do you not understand? god, do you even speak english?" he begrudgingly paid but the entire lobby and probably half the block heard his feelings about it. fast forward to about 2.30am, when i'm awoken by a slap on the butt while i'm sleeping on my stomach in a bed right next to the door of the dorm. confused, surprised, and sleepy, all i can react with is a mumble of "...what?" the man standing over me laughs, and even in the dark i realize that it's the lovely gentleman from before. he's clearly very drunk, and yells "you're staying in a hostel, what do you expect?" he stumbles around the room, talking loudly, playing terrible music on his phone, and waking everyone up before declaring that he's going to go back to the bar to "find some pussy." he slams the door behind him, and out of both habit and spite, i reach over and lock it behind him. some short time later there's pounding at the door and this guy yells through that he doesn't have his key, he forgot his phone, and someone should let him in. the 3 other people trying to sleep and i were all like, "hell no. he can sleep outside." it's loud and annoying but eventually he stops and we all sleep peacefully. and indeed, when i get up at 6am for some sightseeing, i see him passed out on an armchair in the hallway. when i get back to the hostel around 11.30, an hour after checkout time, mr. manners is at the front desk again, this time yelling because he's being charged a late checkout fee because he overslept since his phone was in the room. he's also trying to get out of paying for the bed at all because he didn't actually sleep in it, but no, he has to pay the rate and the fee. that made me feel good. the best part though, was that it was the same employee from the day before and when he said it wasn't his fault that he missed the checkout time and someone else should pay it for him, she just smiled and said in her flawless and only slightly accented english, "i'm sorry, i don't even speak english, so i don't understand. this is how much you owe."i like to work out in the morning before i have to go into work at 8 am. i work 45 minutes from my home and my gym is only 5 minutes away from my work. i was having a great gym session and it gets to be about 7:15 am, so time for me to hit the showers and get ready for work. the problem is that the gym only has one unisex shower. when i go to the shower it's locked. i knock and a girl's voice snobby replies back "occupied." i have worked out for months here and this has never occurred before so i figured i would just wait it out. so i waited for 40 minutes for this girl to finally leave. by now it was 7:55 and i had 5 minutes to shower and get to work, which i wasn't too worried about since i have a flexible schedule and didn't have any meetings until 9. out comes a young, tan, attractive, in-shape girl who scoffs when she sees me waiting patiently and gave me a half hearted apology and said that she worked at 8 and didn't want to smell like her tanning lotion. i replied with a sheepish "yea... its fine." i walk into the shower room and see she left her phone. i smile and lock the door behind me and not even a minute later i hear her knock but i just get into the shower with a huge smile on my face. i left the shower room 15 minutes later ready for work with an evil glare from the girl who was now also late for work. **tl:dr i was made late to work waiting for the shower to open up, so i capitalized when the girl inside forgot her cell phone.** **update:** my gym has two unisex bathrooms and one separate unisex shower that has no toilet in the shower room. the shower room is located over by the two tanning beds.the girl had a pink iphone. she normally doesn't shower or really lift she just comes in to tan and then talks with people she knows. i am not from the area and did get some weird looks from other people at the gym when she came in today. she and i didn't make eye contact but there was clear tension. pondering my next move.... leave her to think i looked at her phone, switch gyms, explain to her that i have work at 8 as well, etc.when i was 12 and my brother around 16, my parents would frequently go out to dinner and leave my brother in charge. he liked to take that time to bully me. lock me in the bathroom, pull my hair, and all the other little fun things older brothers do to their younger sister. when my parents came home however, they would never believe me because there was no proof. 'ohhh, stop trying to get your brother in trouble' was always their response. one night they go out and minutes after they drive off my brother pushes me out the front door and locks it behind me; cackling at me through the window. i just stand there and stare at him. i know my brother. the more i fight, the more satisfying the 'prank' is to him. keep in mind, we didn't live in a safe suburb. we lived in an urban apt complex a few miles away from a large city. car break-ins were common. so i go and sit on the curb, at night, for 2 hours and wait til my parents get home and find me. they are livid and my brother finally has to explain himself. the best he could come up with was 'uhhhh, i forgot she was out there!!' grounded for 2 weeks without electronics. suck on that!!i have three housemates and one of them is notorious for leaving stuff in the sink. this really bloody bothers me, i'm sick of having to lift all his stuff out to get to the tap to wash my own. one weekend i had a surplus of sausages bacon and eggs and thought, eh, why not make people in the house a cooked breakfast. i put a notice out on our group chat and the non messy ones said yes please so i started cooking for three. the messy one said yes please but after i'd started cooking and i hadn't checked my phone. i walked past messy's room and gave breakfasts to the other two and he said "where's mine?". i offhandedly said "breakfast is for good boys who don't leave stuff in the sink" and he was practically devastated. now i have this power over him; if i have leftover food i'll cook it for my housemates while i cook my own and only include him if he hasn't left stuff in the sink all week and it actually works. it's brilliant watching his face when i make a full english for everyone in the house except him.i have a beautiful 160 lb. [st. bernard]( and i was taking her to the pet store to get some food. the parking spot i was pulling into was near the end of a lane, so when i pulled into it, another car was pulling into the lane, so she had to wait about 2-3 seconds for me to finish pulling in. she honks at me and throws her hands in the air, as if how dare i make her wait while i finish parking. however, she immediately gets out of her car with her 6-ish year old daughter and then they see me get my behemoth, yet totally awesome dog out and then come the praises. "oh my goodness! leah, look at the pretty doggy! doesn't he look so soft? can we pet your dog?" "nope." and i kept walking. the look on her face was awesome.our neighbors banded together to try to prevent us from home-sharing on airbnb. while the situation is being resolved with the city, we told our neighbors (and the city) that we would hold off renting out any rooms for the time being. the weekend after we informed everyone that we were discontinuing our rental, my 22 year old cousin arrived to stay with us for a few days. within 24 hours of her arrival, my neighbors had contacted the city to report us for renting out our home, indicating that they "observed a person with bags moving in, and we know that the person is a short-term illegal renter." the city, in turn, contact us with a nasty letter, and threatening to cite us for illegal renting. we explained it was our cousin, and after a few exchanges, they agreed to drop it. well three days ago we noticed our neighbors had their boat parked on the street (they did the same thing last year, for the whole summer). local ordinances require that it not be parked on the street for more than 24 hours. so yesterday we submitted a complaint to the city about the boat. today, the boat was moved - to their lawn. unfortunately for them, this is also not allowed under the city code. another anonymous complaint followed. have fun paying for storage this summer, friends. i live in a dense residential area. one of the other residents a few houses down from me has a dog who they like to walk past my house every day. and every day, that dog pees on the same tree right next to my front steps. this normally wouldn't be a problem. but i live in a city with very cold winters. and what happens in the very cold winter is that the dog piss freezes before the ground can absorb it. so day after day, the dog pisses there, which freezes and makes a giant, disgusting, deep yellow ice sheet that extends on to the sidewalk. my girlfriend slipped on and almost fell into the piss sheet last week. and i can only imagine how this is going to smell when it all melts in the spring. you'd think that when the piss sheet started to cover the sidewalk and created a public safety hazard, the owner would consider taking their dog somewhere else to do its business. nope. well, fortunately for me, we got a ton of snow this week, which covered up the mini piss-rink next to my front steps. i was happy to be done with it. however, not even an hour after the snow stopped falling, the owner brought the dog back and started yellowing up all of the pretty snow, literally *on my front steps* this time. that was it, i'd had enough. that night, after i'd been drinking beer all day thanks to a free snow day (yay!), i went over to to the owner's house and pissed all over the snow in front of their front steps. i even made a few pretty patterns. and i won't get too specific, but let's just say that i'm a hell of a lot bigger than that little dog. so that's how i'm going to deal with the problem from now on. every time the owner treats my front steps like a fire hydrant, i'm going to go over and treat his like a urinal. is this the mature way to handle things? not really. but that's not what this sub is about.when the sixth harry potter book came out, i was 13 and finally old enough for my mom to let me stay up all night and go to the midnight release. this is a huge event, so instead of making everyone stand in line all night, the bookstore gave away numbered wristbands in a line in the morning so that the nighttime could be spent doing activities. when i got there in the morning i was pretty bummed because it looked like there were a hundred or so people in front of me, including my neighbor and her dad, would proceeded to laugh when they saw me walk in and had to go to the back of the line. i got to the front, and the lady at the table asked me "did you pre-order the book?" fuuuuck, i didn't know that you had to pre-order them! i told her i hadn't, and she gave me a different colored wristband than everyone else. i looked down and saw the number on the wristband, and it was number 1. when my neighbor and her dad saw it, they laughed even harder, and told me that i'd probably have to wait for everyone to get their pre-ordered books first and then they'll move on to me and the other normal release people. fast forward to around 11pm, and everyone is starting to line up by their numbers. after asking a bookstore employee where to line up, she points to a much shorter line than the main one that everyone was in, and i was the first in line. i got my book at exactly midnight, and walked over to my neighbor and dad who still had probably 50 people in front of them. the look on their faces was priceless when i started reading the first couple sentences of the first chapter out loud to them while they were still standing in line. i've lived in the same house for the last 16 years. it's a two family house and my landlord is an ok guy but can be a dick about things. when we first moved there, we weren't allowed any pets and could not park in the driveway. i understand you don't want animals ruining the house and what not, but his reasoning was his 30 year old son is "allergic" to cats and dogs, he lived in the basement we live on the top floor. there is no way he would even be affected by any of the animals, but your house your rules. we also weren't allowed to park in the driveway, a bit of an annoyance because when we first moved in the landlord said it would not be a problem. my mother being a single mom raising two kids didn't have a car at the time so that wasn't much of an issue for us. fast forward a couple of years and we get a car but can't use the driveway. my mother tells him he promised we could and the landlord says he never said that and we can't use it. the rent goes up during the years and my mother speaks with him again and he says ok sure you can use it, as long as it doesn't affect my daily routine. my mother is out of the house by 6am every morning, and he is a retired old man who usually does work around the house and will walk to the grocery store etc. so it never messed up his routine. a few months ago he tells us he we can't park in the driveway anymore because his sons need to go in and out and it's an inconvenience to them. they usually block the driveway do what they must and leave. so i didn't understand what the issue was. one of his 4 sons lives in greece and has come to visit for about 3-4 months. my landlord being an old man does not have use for the internet and most likely doesn't know what it is, but his son would like to check his e-mails,skype his family,probably jerk off, in general use his computer. in order to do that you need wi-fi, unfortunately for him i'm the only one who has the wi-fi password ( my mom and sister just ask me whenever they need help with computer stuff, including setting up the wi-fi for their laptops.) the son asks my mother and sister and they both say "you must speak to ashinkusher17 about that he's the only one who knows it." a couple weeks go by and we see each other going in and out of the house and finally he asks me for the password, along with the douchey "allergic to all fucking animals" brother. finally i get my revenge. and i refuse to use allow them access to my precious wi-fi because " i don't feel comfortable letting others use it because of the risks to personal information and viruses blah blah blah" plus i pay for it why the hell should they get to use it for free. the look on their faces was priceless. they were so angry but couldn't do a damn thing about it. now if he wants to use the wi-fi he has to drive 20 minutes to his brothers house and use it there.a few weeks ago, my new neighbors had a party on a sunday night. their back screen-porch faces mine, with about 40 yards separating the two. the hoa does not allow fences, so there's nothing but a few trees between us. they seemed to get particularly loud at around 4:30 in the morning. no loud music, but about 8 of them laughing and trying to drunkenly talk over each other. i couldn't be bothered to get dressed and walk over there, so i flashed our patio light on and off several times, which did nothing more than get some laughter out of them. they carried on for at least another hour or so, at which point i finally got back to sleep. though my poor wife had to work the next morning, i luckily had the monday off. after having breakfast and getting dressed, i went out back and, at 9:00am on the dot, i fired up the weedwhacker. after half an hour or so of weedwhacking, i got out the chainsaw and chopped some branches off one of my trees. when i ran out things to do with my noisy tools, i set up my bluetooth tailgate speaker on the back porch and listened to music for the next few hours. my wife said i was being childish, it's been about a month, and we haven't heard a peep out of them at night since.this is from several years back but still makes me smile. i worked in an office with a lot of people that were always out for themselves and "team player" was a concept easily lost on them. for the most part i could easily ignore these personality types until one day one of them took my lunch from the office fridge. this was a packed lunch so there's no mistaking, "i also bought the same item, sorry", type of deal. i found them in their office eating my food and talking on the phone. i walked in, unplugged the phone, and demanded ten dollars which was sufficient to buy an average lunch from the places outside plus an inconvenience fee. after they paid me (which i was actually shocked they did) i took my bag, which still had the remainder of my food in it, threw it in their trash can and walked out.the neighbors are arrogant dicks and have a bratty kid that's always acting up, throwing tantrums, being abusive towards others and animals, etc. between their dog crapping in my yard and their kids thinking my backyard is a playground there's a little silent frustration there. i pick up a $25 disney gift card at the store and put it in a mickey mouse birthday card with a note that says "hope you have fun at disneyworld the first week of january, love mom and dad." i also picked up another card wishing him a happy birthday that i signed myself, but in a different envelope. stop by their house the day of his birthday party and dropped off both cards. didn't stick around for the aftermath, but from inside my house i could still hear some pretty loud screaming and things being thrown. kind of wish i had stuck around to see it all go down. i heard the next day that when jr. found out he wasn't really going to disneyworld he started throwing his presents and broke half of his toys.i am a dude and i like to stay fresh so i buy baby wipes to use along side with toilet paper when doing a number 2. i wipe with toilet paper then use a baby wipe (sorry if tmi) edit: no i do not flush them. there is a guy who moved in with me i live in a 2 bedroom. he has been here for 2 months now. he eats all my cheese whiz using a spoon and just in general eats my food. i am mad at that but i will let it slide because i have lived with such a person before. the thing that pissed me off is in the past 2 months my baby wipes have been disapearing like nuts and i know. i know why. the bastard is using it all solely to wipe after a poop. i confronted him about it and he said well if you don't wan't it disapearing then don't leave it in there. we have to share a bathroom so pretty much what he is saying whatever is in there is fair game. ok you wan't to play ball? so something amazing happend, i opened the medicine cabinet and seen hemeroid cream. hmmmm.. well now you have hemeroids? gee no wonder why you were sitting funny the past week. well alright then i will just carefully replace all the baby wipes in the box and carefully place clorox wipes. ah yes the satisfaction just 3 hours ago hearing him scream from the bathroom. edit: yes okay i don't know how to spell the word that in which the case your anus pops and bleeds out. oops. just read his cream now, got a dose of spelling. and you guys know it too well.long time lurker, first time poster, yadda yadda... **a little background:** i live with my dad, my step-mom (sm) and her son. we also have two small dogs, one is mine (the quiet one) and one is sm's (the one that barks at everything). we live in a condo on the second floor, so the dogs have to be taken on walks quite frequently as we do not have a yard. **the build-up:** sm is under the impression that she is the only one in the house who walks the dogs. false! i try to walk them every hour or so. however, i work two jobs, so i often have 12 hour days (from 6-6), so i only get to walk them in the very early morning and in the evening. there are days where i only work one of the two jobs, so i am home either in the morning or in the afternoon. sm also works, a normal 8-5 job, so she is also away from the house for extended periods of time. sm also likes her wine and, after a few ~~glasses~~ bottles, she will tell you *exactly* what is on her mind. she tells me that she doesn't believe that i walk the dogs and pretty much insinuates that i don't help out enough. (i work 12 hours a day...) which, is not true, i walk the dogs as often as i can, she is just not around to see it. **the revenge:** this morning, before i leave the house for work (5:15 am), i walk out to the kitchen where the dogs are locked up for the night and let them out to go for a walk. i turn around to see that sm has ~~passed out~~ fallen asleep on the couch in the living room. normally when this happens, i try to keep her dog quiet as to not wake the dragon, but not this morning. i got her little noise maker all wound up and excited to go on the walk and i may have closed the door a little too loud... i get back inside and i see her glaring at me from the couch, furious that i had woken her up. i looked at her with a big smile and said, "i took the dogs out!" grabbed my stuff and left for work. **tl;dr: who let the dogs out? i did! at 5 am** my introverted best friend and i enter our favorite sandwich shop for a celebratory lunch and i tell him everything that we do today is on me. he orders first while i figure out what succulent sub i want. he finishes his order and pays before my sandwich comes out of the toaster. i rush over and push him, saying "so it's going to be that way?" cashier shoots me a quizzical look. i tell her that it's his birthday. she tells us to wait, as if we had a choice because she's holding our plates ransome, and gathers what seems like all the employees to sing happy birthday. best part: cashier forgot to ask his name.this morning i awoke to my sister showering in my shower. i get up at 6:30 to ensure that i make it to work on time. it is very consistent and predictable. for a little bit of petty revenge, i jumped in the other shower and turned it as hot as it would allow. we have a small hot water heater, so this ran the tank empty in a matter of minutes and she loves long showers. for an added bit of petty, i ate the last donut for breakfast. don't take my shower."somebody dumped a bag of household garbage near our community mailboxes today. too bad they overlooked their name and account number in the footer of their bank papers inside it. tore their mailing address off all right but didn't notice the rest. they're in the phonebook and they're getting their garbage back!" "i went and dropped it off at the owner's home. it's in the "high rent district" of the nearby *suchandsuch* community. the lady was apologetic and blamed it on her housekeeper. maybe i believe her."  i was on my evening med pass and walked in to check my patient to see if she needed pain medicine or anything else to make her more comfortable. she wanted everything. pain medicine, a snack. another blanket. change her dressing. no problem. i wanted her to rest well and sleep through the night. so i go get her all these things, and finally get ready to give her her medications. by now, i was getting pressed for time. go to pour her some water and her pitcher was empty. so i walked over to her sink- in her private room- and she started raising hell that she didn't drink tap water and demanding me to go get her fresh water. fine. got her water. took it back and gave her medicines to her. she thought she won that round, but she drank tap water anyway because i got it from the room next door! hahahahaha edit: thank you for all the responses. for the record, this was a small hospital and filtered water was not an option. bottled water was locked in the kitchen. my ex cheated with a married man. he now lives with her. he is a pos.. but anyway, i still have login for her dvr. i logged in, erased all her shows, then recorded only the show "cheaters." petty, but it makes me laugh. edit: additional info. i also set the show to be manually erased and stop recording 3 hours after the show's end time. in my apartment complex we have an under cover carpark. each apartment usually has one car space and there is plenty of visitor spots. now my parents were coming to visit so i parked in a visitor spot so my space would be free for them when they arrived. as i was getting out of my car, the lady from another apartment confronts me. asking me, 'do you even live here?'. 'im on the committee blah blah you can't park there, it's for visitors. i own my home, are you renting?'. she just kept going on and on. i told her to go shove it and i don't have to explain anything to her. (there's no rules against residents parking in visitor spots in the strata rules). i will mention that she was a single lady in her mid forties. i'm in my twenties and live with my partner. she walks around with a 'i'm better than you' demeanour. a 'look at me, i own my apartment and you guys rent' attitude. i was so mad that this lady had confronted me that when i got inside i told my partner. then he told me to look out the window. the lady was there bitching about me to other residents! it took so much strength for me to not egg her house or something stupid that i would regret. i played it cool. it's been four months since the incident. so as revenge, i've stared to put all my junk mail in her letter box. we have a communal recycle bin for unwanted junk mail. it has hi feeds upon hundreds of flyers etc. i grab a large handful or three everytime i check the mail and put them in her letter box. she keeps complaining at the committee meetings of the 'hundreds of pamphlets' she gets weekly. i win lady. edit: words. since i moved in four months ago, my roommate has helped himself to literally anything of mine that isn't hidden (food, shampoo/conditioner/soap, medicine, even a fucking shower scrunchie) regardless of how often i tell him to leave my shit be. it has gotten to the point that i no longer buy anything that needs to be refrigerated because there's a 50% chance he'll steal it first. so, recently i got one of the worst colds of my life, and figured i might as well take advantage. i have a tendency to drink pickle juice (i know it's kind of gross, but i think it tastes amazing), so when it was almost empty i went ahead and put the jar of pickles and sick backwash in the fridge. sure enough, the very next day the pickles were gone, and shortly after my roommate began complaining about how terrible he felt. he ended up sick for a solid 3 weeks. pettiest thing i think i've done that has brought me joy. i love my boyfriend, but there's one thing i go nuts on; he leaves dr. pepper cans *everywhere* in the damn house. usually half empty, and by the time i find them (he puts them in really obscure places, i.e. behind books or tv) they have mold in them. ugh! so after getting ingored when i get after him, i wait. one day he sets his can down next to like 4 others by the table so he can pee. his method of not getting to drink mold is always looking for the cold can. i get a moldy one i'd put in the fridge, waiting for this, and switch them. he comes back, sits down. i wait...... *yes*. he picks it up and drinks it! he makes an awful face and looks at the can for a second, drinks again! he spits it out and glances over at me. i keep a straight face. he throws it away, along with the rest of the cans. to this day he hasn't left a can, remembering that moldy one "he must have grabbed by mistake." edit: the hot page? i'm so humbled! edit 1.5: *gold*? thank you so much, everyone!so i live in a 10 unit apparent building in a large metropolitan city with a landlord that used to be a lot better than she is currently. her relationship with the building's occupants has gone down the tubes since she decided she didn't like being a landlord anymore and stopped giving a shit about fixing things on time. not to mention opening the place up to air b&amp;b bimbos who get drunk, lose their key, and ring every doorbell in the building at 4am until someone gets up to let them in. my roommate and i have been living here for a couple years and are sticking it out for now, but we've become prone to a lot more petty behavior than we have in the past. the latest incident was an enormous crt television that someone left in the down stairs hallway near the front door. it's the biggest crt i've ever seen and takes up nearly half the width of the hallway. i would have loved to have had it when i was 10, but now it's just a giant burden. there were a few people that moved out recently and some shuffling around so i figured it was temporary. cut to a month later and it's still happily taking up space in the hallway, irritating me more every time i have to look at it. my roommate wanted to just chuck it to the curb were it would likely incur the building, and my landlord, with a pricey fine as 'bulky garbage' pickup was only allowed on certain days of the week, but i stopped him, tempting as it was, and figured that writing an email first was the adult thing to do - at least give the landlord the chance to do handle this. she had gotten fines before because of the carelessness of other tenants with their garbage and i wanted to *attempt* to do the right thing. so i email the landlord, cc'ing everyone in the building without accusing anyone, asking for her to help address the problem. within 5 minutes she emails me, and me alone, back saying "just put it outside". welp, ok, i guess she doesn't care about the fine. my roommate and i are moving it within minutes. only thing is that it weighs a **ton!** no wonder someone didn't want to bring it with them! really awkward to get outside, but we did. planted it right in front of our building, ready for the garbage men to see in the morning and give out the fine. the revenge comes later that night around 10pm - my roommate came back from the store and told me that ***someone*** had moved the enormous tv down the street in front of another building! so this was my landlord's plan? just push it over to another house to deal with so she wouldn't get the fine! well $*#@ that. landlord isn't getting out of this that easy. tv was just as heavy and awkward as ever, but my roommate and i hauled this thing right back down the block to our building. we even wrote the building number on the tv incase ***someone*** tried to move it again! edit: as of this afternoon the tv is gone from in front of my building. not sure the garbage truck or someone else picked it up, or if it was just moved even further away. either way, i probably won't know if my landlord got the fine or not unless she tries to blame me, which i doubt she will because it would involve her basically admitting to moving the tv away from the building. i half want her to though, just for the satisfaction.i moved into a super crappy extended stay hotel for a week because my apartment lease ran up on friday and i can't move into my new place until wednesday. horrible management, ghetto furniture, weird smell, half working heater, but whatever i'm a single guy right? suck it up, save a few bucks by staying in a cheapo place. we'll along with all that are paper thin walls and a horrible neighbor that moved in yesterday. they have a dog that barked all day yestersay and when they finally got home they turned their tv volume way up. i went and knocked on their door twice asking to turn it down with no result. didn't get to sleep until 1 when they finally turned it off. cut to today, i've had 3 more hours of dog barking until they got home and then dancing with the stars cranked way up followed by what i think is nancy grace coverage of furgeson and they won't even answer the door this time. i'm done at this point so i hooked up my laptop, maxed the tv and hit play on a 30 minute nyan cat loop. i'm ready to fight dirty. up next is heavy metal from my high school days. muted the tv at the end of typing this, i've won! they turned it down! tldr: hotel room next door are jerks and won't turn down tv or quiet their dog, 30 minutes of nyan cat full volume. now quiet tv and quiet dog.this story is from many years ago, but i was reminded of it since we just had our first snowfall in michigan. when i was a young kid in new jersey, my friends and i would walk around town with shovels and offered to shovel for people who just didn't want to do it. it was a good way to get exercise, and more importantly, make some money. most of the time things went smoothly, but there was one incident that i will always remember. in 1996 a blizzard went through the area, so like clockwork as soon as the snow was done we met at my house and went out to do our thing. we get to this one house where an older man answered the door. we offer to shovel for him and he accepts and thanks us. we finished in about 20 minutes and i go knock on his door to inform him we're done. after i tell him he looks at me for a second and asks me why i'm still there. i say to him "well, we did just shovel so you wouldn't have to." he asks if we want to be paid for doing it, to which i said it would be nice. he then says to me "hard work is its own reward." and slams the door in my face. i go down and tell my friends what he had said, when one of them looked at me and said "well if that's the case, why don't we reward ourselves some more?" so after 20 more minutes i knock on his door again and apologize to him for just assuming he was going to pay us. he looks past me and realizes that his driveway, sidewalk and front walkway are again covered in snow. he asked what was going on to which i said "well since you told us hard work is its own reward, we decided to reward ourselves by putting the snow back." he starts shouting a stream of obscenities at us, but i just tell him to have a nice day and we left to go do more houses. from what i heard after that he still tried to stiff kids that did that for him any chance he could. edit: since most of the comments are saying that a payment shouldn't be expected, i wasn't the first or last person to do this, and most of the people in the town i'm from gladly compensated kids who would shovel for them, whether it be money or baked goods or something along those lines. my mother did it when kids came to shovel, and at times she'd send me out with the money when there were done. now there were times when someone couldn't, and that was totally fine. usually it was a thank you very much from them, us saying have a nice day and moving on. however, this guy decided he wanted to be a jackass, which is why we put the snow back. this was not an issue of not being compensated. this was an issue of the guy being a douchebag about it. also top post in the subreddit. thanks! second edit: read the first edit before you comment. a lot of you are missing the point of this!so last night my dad took me out to dinner at an indian restaurant (just us, my brother and mom don't like spicy food). for a little context, we're dutch living in the us, which is where this takes place. when we ordered our food, the waiter repeatedly corrected my dad's pronunciation of the dishes we were getting and i could see him (my dad) getting slightly annoyed. so when we got our food and the waiter asked if we wanted another round of drinks, my dad ordered a dutch beer. _just so he could correct the way the waiter pronounced it._ he doesn't even like that type of beer all that much. i have a neighbor that refuses to clean up after her huge ass dog. as a dog owner myself i know picking up shit is gross but we live in an area that people walk barefoot. her dog has shit the size of grown humans! after numerous requests to clean it up, shame talks about how others have stepped in it barefoot, how it smells, etc. she still refuses to take care of her animal responsibly. i've had enough. i stepped in a fresh pile, again. this time in brand new shoes. i'm fucking done. i scooped up several huge pieces of her dogs shit and put them neatly on her door mat. i'm hoping that she steps in it on her way inside her place. she won't know who left it there because every neighbor has complained and we have several new people in our area. i realllllly hope she steps in it. i won't know for sure but damn...that would give me good feels for months. update: this is a townhouse type place so our units are connected. we share a common parking area and lawn area. in order to get into my place i have to walk near the lawn area. her dog likes to shit on the sidewalk. did i mention his shit is huge? i'm not sure if she stepped in it. she isn't the type of person to come over and tell me. i'm out of town for a week but another neighbor is taking a turn while i'm away. i have a friend who recently divorced his cheating wife of 10yrs. she still lives in the house he bought with his earnings right across the street from us. even when they were together i never liked her, but her husband became quick friends with my husband and i when they moved in. she never hid her cheating and used her husbands 15 hour shifts as her "whore around" time. different cars parked in front of the house all night only to disappear 10min before her husband got home. he soon found out and she was the one who demanded a divorce while he wanted marriage counseling. fine. if you don't live someone then you don't live them. he moved out and left her the house and his beloved dogs that weren't allowed at his new apartment complex. immediately she acquired a "sugar daddy" to help pay the mortgage and bills, but she still had a slew of lovers, each having a particular night of the week to stay over. it's like a one woman brothel over there, i swear. now her driveway goes around to the back of the house so we can't always see whose parked there (sometimes they'll park on the street). for whatever crazy reason she believed my husband and i still liked her (we never did in the first place but she thought we did). the other day i was outside retrieving some things from our car when she comes out with her "sugar daddy" to see him to his car. i recognized him, but obviously she didn't know that. she brought him across the street and said "hey! deaditequeen i want to introduce you to my boyfriend!". at that moment i switched off my brain filter. "oh. hi! nice to meet you. forgive me, but are you the boyfriend with the benz, the silver pick up, the black pick up, that rusty toyota or the silver expedition? i get you guys all mixed up!" without another word i went back inside, watched them fight for about 5 minutes before he (and her bill money) sped off into the distance. called her ex and he's insisting on buying me a steak dinner next week!my cat woke me up before 6am by running around like a meth-crazed douchebag. i decided to get up and start my day. around 11am, i catch the little shit sleeping on my bed, and man.. this is a good sleep.. like full on rem sleep with twitching paws and everything. shook that bitch awake and pushed her off onto the floor. i was asked to post this here for your enjoyment, so here you go. i wish i'd found this subreddit sooner, my pettiness knows no bounds. - i had a downstairs neighbor who would constantly blast their soundsystem late into the night. we complained, but they just didn't fucking care. they would just shrug their shoulders and then close the door(in our faces). on a trip to amsterdam i bought a pair of wooden shoes as a souvenier, and started wearing them in my uncarpeted apartment. i wore them as if they were house slippers, all the time. bathroom trip at 3 in the morning? slip on them clogs! my brother recently went through a divorce. his now ex-wife has been in a downward spiral for the last year and has burned so many bridges she is down to sleeping on a friend from her work's couch because none of her other family or friends will take her in and she is so bad with money she would rather go out partying than pay her bills. the divorce came about because she cheated on my brother with a guy half her age (she is 40) who is a convicted felon. her boyfriend violated his parole and is now sitting in jail awaiting a hearing to see if he is going back to jail. she actually had the balls to ask my brother to pay for his bail so he could get out. when my brother declined she went into a rage and demanded access to her stuff (she has about 30 boxes and a bunch of furniture in storage in his garage. he was fine with letting her keep it there until she got a place she could put it). he told her he would take care of that. the next day he loaded it all up and delivered it to her friend's house (where she is staying) while she was at work. at first the friend was cool with him bringing her stuff over, until she realized how much stuff it was. now her entire apartment is packed with boxes and furniture and it looks like a storage unit. when his ex got home from work she called my brother and screamed at him that she wanted a key to his place so she could come get what she needed whenever she wanted, not this. he told her that she didn't specify that and that he wouldn't ever give her a key to the place, but she didn't need to worry. she now had everything handy right there.when i was a kid we had a very large german shepard. when we put him outside, he was on a 75' rope tied to a tree. the dog could run all around the yard and make it just up to, but not on, the driveway. unbeknownst to us, the paper boy (this was in the 1980's) would drive up to the edge of the driveway and rev his moped to tease our dog. he'd rev and rev the engine while our dog would go nuts at the limit of his rope, up on his hind legs trying to reach out and grab a hold of him with his front paws. anyways, one day, the rope broke so my dad went to the hardware store for a new one. the guy tells my dad, "we don't have any 75' ropes. only 50' or 100'." my dad took the 100'. i just wish i could have seen the look on my dog's face the next day when the paperboy came around and woke him up with that stupid moped. i always imagine that dog taking a second to thank the dog gods, for the day of reckoning hath come! our dog charged, jumped in the air and took the kid off his bike. the kid tried to get away, but our dog bit down onto his ankle and dragged him back into the backyard. eventually he got away but had to call the police to get his moped back. the dog was sitting patiently next to it. we found out about it when the police came by that night to complete their report. the next day, the kid's dad called and told us not to worry about him suing; his son was an idiot and got what he deserved (that's how we got the whole background). i live in a pretty large gated community and my house is currently going under some renovations. as with any renovations you get junk that needs to be thrown out, so my parents decided to get one of those big containers that can be taken off and put onto the back of a truck (it's lifted onto the truck with a big mechanical type hook thing that's attached to the truck) to throw the trash in. (called a skip) we got the container pretty late into the evening after the construction people had left and therefore it was empty for the night. the next morning however, we woke up to the container being 1/3 full of random crap and a big ass queen sized bed that looked about 30 yours old. so of course my parents were pissed beyond belief that someone would just dump their trash into our container after we paid for it and now we don't even get to use the whole thing. now on to the revenge part of the story, as i was looking into the container staring in disbelief when i saw something sticking out of one of the trash bags, lo and behold it was a letter... with the perpetrators address. what do we do? well, that night, me, my brother and my father decided to return to these people all the trash that they so graciously left in our container. but since they were inconsiderate enough to dump it in our container, we decided to dump it all over their driveway and in front of their cars so they could not be able to leave without cleaning up. revenge is sweet and the neighbors did not even come and thank us for returning their stuff. how rude. tldr: neighbors dumped their trash in our skip, gave it back to them... all over their driveway edit #2 - thanks to all the people who informed me that the container is called a skip edit #1 - fixed wording and added tldr very petty indeed but here it goes, i'll make it short and sweet. young "professional" looking douchebag blatantly cuts in front of me while i'm standing in line to exit a building through revolving doors. so i *accidentally* kick the bottom of his shoe as he takes a step forward. he doesn't notice or doesn't care. so when we enter the revolving doors, i'm in the segment behind him. i *accidentally* walk too slowly and have the revolving door hit the back of my shoe, immediately stopping the revolving door and causing douchebag to slam into the part of the door that he's pushing. my bad, sorry!i inherited a small bungalow home in central florida. it wasn't much but it was home. the neighbors house were close on all sides which normally wasn't an issue. a house next to the bedroom side of me was rented out to a young group of people who occasionally had loud late night parties. to me this wasn't a problem as i worked nights. for the other neighbors it was a nightmare. the group would always seem to turn the music off before the cops would arrive, threaten violence or vandalism to people if they would walk over to complain etc. i was trying to stay out of the drama, until one of the punks got a new "system" for his car. the bass would literally shake my walls. i tried to be civil and even asked politely for him to wait at least until i was awake ,around 12pm ,to rattle the few brain cells he had left into oblivion. he blatantly refused and i'm pretty sure he did it more often to piss me off. so, i did what the other neighbors had neglected to do. i got on the tax collectors website found out who owned the house. it was owned by an elderly couple in massachusetts, where i'm from. after talking to them and gathering complaints form the others who had been harassed the landlords had enough and sent them a notice to vacate, which they ignored. i ended up being appointed (volunteer) property manager, and escorted a police officer to hand delivering the eviction notice to them the look on their face was priceless. so it turns out my exgirlfriend is a cheating whore... but we're still living together for the time being until the lease is up or we find some way out of it. in any case, the duration of our time living together will be filled with small acts of revenge. i no longer put the toilet seat down. those towels that are only for decoration? not anymore! but i think the consequences of her actions really started to settle in after the following exchange. "umm, we're going to have to take my car to the shop." "...we?" and then i went back to playing words with friends.[click here for part 4: voicemails]( ***[and click here for part 5: mow &amp; tell]( but i highly recommend you see [what led up to this weird shit]( and yes, i'll continue documenting the crazy as long as it keeps going. no, i didn't get a restraining order until after i got these messages. cops told me i should wait until after shelly's hearing. yes, i know i shouldn't have listened.both myself and my husband like the toilet paper roll hanging over, not under. i've noticed recently that whenever the toilet paper roll runs out, he grabs one from under the sink but instead of changing it, leaves it on top of the sink. why he doesn't take the one second to change it, i have no idea. so when i go in there next i always have to do it. i've started hanging the new roll so the toilet paper goes under instead of over. he always complains about it and asks me why i do it. i tell him i like it better that way. he always changes it back. this way he has to change the roll and i get a chance to irritate him as much as he irritates me. and it winds up the way i like it anyways. my sister got a new pup about 8 weeks ago. he is the best little pup ever yes he is! she went a bit overboard with the snap chats, picture messages, and talking nonstop about her dog in the way that those annoying parents do about their kids. this was fine and expected for a few weeks. **assholery 1** 8 weeks later this is not acceptable. i'm talking like 15 snap chats a day of mundane things, and she still manages to turn conversations to the point where we talk about her dog all the time. **assholery 2** i have a cat and my sister doesn't care about the cat, and even forgot her name. after i had the cat for a year. **revenge 1** i just followed my cat around and sent her about 15 snap chats and 5 picture/video messages of my cat doing basically nothing. this is only day one, i'm doing this till she gets the message. **revenge 2** next time i visit i'm going to intentionally mess up the dog's name (even though i like the dog). let's just say little toby will come up to me and i'll "accidentally" call him tony. mwahaha my neighbors installed a sprinkler system which they run for 20-30 minutes per zone and it hits my yard. during the installation process their cheap ass company poke a hole in our system. they also ran a drain from their downspout into our yard. literally we had a pvc pipe going from their downspout into our grass. our side has basically been flood since. we can't use our sprinklers, they won't admit they broke ours and won't address the rain off. after watching them water my mud spot for like 6 months i said fuck it. i built a 24'x1' garden bed and filled it with manure. the smelliest most organic maneur i could find. they live downwind of us and watched them have to smell it the whole weekend on their brand new "patio escape" they just refinished. i built it right in the edge of the property line. this morning rather than watch them water my mud trench they watered my vegetable garden! thanks for the free water bitches!!! and fuck no you aren't getting any of my tomatoes!!!!four years ago, i got paired up with this truly awful girl in my first year of college. we were polar opposites. she was your typical stuck up, snotty rich girl, and i was a shy, quiet, nerdy girl. her parents bought her everything, even a car and gas to go in it, my family was hella poor and i bought my own car. we only shared a room for four days. she spent 90% of that time making fun of my old car, my interests, my hobbies, my music, my hair, basically anything she could think of. these dorms are tiny, about 11' by 14', with only a sink, two desks and two twin beds for furniture. so when she wanted her boyfriend to spend the night, i was more than a little uncomfortable, especially since they liked to fool around and thought i couldn't hear it. from literally 10 feet away. after complaining to my ra several times, we were both brought into a meeting with the housing director. he decided that i should be the one to change rooms, because not wanting her boyfriend spending the night more than twice a week was "unreasonable." i later found out her parents had talked to him earlier that day and bribed him so that one of her friends could live with her instead. so i got moved to the room next door. she had left town that night (thank god) and as i was packing up my stuff, i thought of something i could do to get back at her. i grabbed a can of tuna i had in my cupboard, punched a hole in it, and spit in it. then i stuck it on top of the ceiling tiles right above her bed. about two weeks later, i walk past her room on my way to mine, and see the door wide open, with her and four of her friends tearing the room apart, desperately trying to figure out where this horrible smell was coming from. the housing director called me to his office the next day and asked if i was the one who did it, and warned i would be in trouble if i lied. i lied and said i had no idea what they were talking about. got off scot free.as some of you might be aware, the northeast us was hit with a massive snowstorm. this morning, my walk was clear already so i decided to do the neighborly thing and started to clear the neighbor's driveway. midway, the neighbor started yelling at me for putting the snow pile on "her side". i tried to tell her that i was doing her a favor but to no avail. so i put all the snow back. and i piled it high. so this was a while ago, and maybe less petty revenge and more revenge. couple years ago i was at the gym, just finished my workout, about to take a shower. i hear this highschool bully type and his buddy harassing this guy in the changing room for the color of his underwear (baby blue and pink), calling him gay, fag, and whatnot. the guy getting harassed is just trying to change and get the fuck out of there without fueling this idiots rant. after hearing a : you fucking faggot, why the fuck are you even here? don't you lift dicks for a living?!? i just walk over to the guy, and ask him what his problem was? i mean, he was attacking somebody who hasn't said one word to him other than answering: "so what" to, what are you gay or something? he just starts laughing, trying to get me to "join the fun". i tell him to fuck off, and go take my shower. take my shower, go to grab a towel, and it's gone. then i hear the guy again. - what are you going to do about it fag lover? you going to cry on a dick? at this point, i was fucking livid. there are rules in gym's, there are social conduct rules, there are so many things he was completely ignoring. he's still here, laughing with his friend on how much he "owned" that little fag. i storm out of the shower, butt naked, march directly to him, and, me, being 6'4", 210 pounds and in decent shape, walk up to him, still laughing at his total revenge with my towel. without losing momentum, i take both hands, and push him just semi low on the chest. he flew the 2 feet, hit the locker and fell. his reaction: what the fuck man?! can't you take a joke? trying to get up, i push him down again, and again, until i have my foot on his chest and say. what, you don't lift dick for a living?!? he was never seen again. tl;dr: bully gets nuts dangled over his head.for reasons i spend a lot of time at the gym to get rid of stress. the building that houses my gym also houses a pool, which during a certain time window every day the high schoolers use for their physical education. the locker room is shared for the both of us. some of those high schoolers don't even bother using the lockers and just drop everything on the floor. yesterday some idiot didn't even bother to drop his stuff in the locker room, he just dropped it in the entrance of the locker room. there's around 100 lockers, so plenty of space. so i did the only reasonable thing and hid his stuff in a random locker. my little brothers dad (g) used to emotionally/mentally bully me when i was in middle school, and this is a large part of why my mom is no longer with him. i absolutely despise him. i've never been an angry person, but there's just something about him that brings out this rage inside of me. out of respect for my little brother i don't speak about his dad whatsoever to him. all i have to say is negative, so there's no reason to say anything. his dad needs people to like him, to acknowledge his presence. it drives him insane if you're not listening to what he has to say or if he's not in charge. so i've just started ignoring him anytime i see him. when he drops my little brother off and says "hello mackhasarack how are you doing" i'll either continue on what i'm building in the garage and not acknowledge him or look up and then look back down at what i was doing. i've been doing it for a few months now and he's been changing his tone and asking more questions to try and get me to reply. but seeing it get at him makes it that much more enjoyable.so i work at the deli in my local grocery store, and i get more than a fair deal of shitty customers. i've noticed a lot of the time, the worst ones are suburban soccer moms with spoiled little kids. they would always do dumb shit like if they wanted half a pound (.50) and it came as .51, they'd ask for a discount or outright flip shit. i've been at my job long enough to essentially sense these people come in, and when i do, the game begins. my deli offers free samples on anything the customer wants, and me being a good guy, make sure people are aware of that. well it turns out, 90% of soccer moms actually do not want free samples for their kids, so i make a strong point of asking the child directly if they want free meat/cheese/salad, to which, 99% of the time, the answer is yes. this starts an argument between spoiled kids and snobby parents, and they usually leave my counter, and don't return. i know this isn't half as good as some of these other stories, but this one is harmless, and actually pretty fun.this is my first year at college, and so far everything's been great. except for one part, which i figured this thread would enjoy. i live in the honor's freshman dorm building which has significantly less people than any other building, so we only have 2 bathrooms per floor (one for each side) with 2 showers per bathroom - one with a significant amount of space and one blocked off by handicapped seating folded up. considering the small amount of people living here, we all know each other on a moderately well basis enough to know how each other's schedules usually are. there is one person on my floor who likes to take showers while listening to music, which normally wouldn't be a problem if his taste was not incredibly southern country mixed with incredibly vulgar rap. we have no problems if he is there first to shower and plays it, but the general rule is to not play music if someone else is already showering, as they likely don't want to hear this. to make up for this, he's decided to get to the showers just early enough to beat the first person there and take both the nice shower without the handicapped fold-up seat and play his music. this first person is usually me. i've decided i've had enough of listening to his terrible music and deal with the worse shower. it's been making my mornings horrible and forms a headache too early. so for the past month or so, i've been sacrificing sleep and getting up to shower a couple minutes early until he catches on. first time, about 5 minutes early. he caught on and came before then. second time, 10 minutes early. he still catches on and starts coming even earlier. this has gone on for about 5 or 6 weeks, enough for him to be trained to shower almost half an hour before he normally would at the beginning of the year. i've also tracked about how long he takes every morning - which is about half an hour. this morning, my plan worked to perfection. i got to sleep in as long as i possibly could have, and when i woke up and headed to the showers, i passed him leaving from the nice shower. it was definitely a good morning for me :)this was way back in the day, i was probably 7/8 at the time. my parents would always wake us up to go to church early on sundays, and being an 8 year old i hated it. kicking and screaming all the way to the car. younger me came up with a brilliant idea. as my dad was downstairs getting coffee, i hid his keys under my parents mattress. i watched cartoons all morning.i'm housesitting at the moment for my cousin. he and his boyfriend live in a pretty swanky neighborhood full of mcmansions. nothing too fancy, just your common upper-middle class suburban development. anyhow… over the past few weeks they've been having a new porch installed on the back of the house. the crew has a trailer parked out front so they can lock up their tools at night. no big deal right? apparently it is. this evening i get a knock on the door. i'm always wary of solicitors, so i make it a point to look out the window before answering the door. after hearing the doorbell it takes me a minute to get to the window. as i look outside i see a woman walking away with two little dogs. one of the dogs stops and proceeds to shit on my cousin's lawn. i wait until the dog is done and open the door. by this time the woman is beginning to walk away but she sees me and turns around. she introduces herself as a board member of the hoa (homeowners association). she looks very annoyed. without taking a breath she launches into a lecture about the trailer parked out front, how she's "lucky to have walked by and caught this egregious violation of the hoa rules" and how the trailer is an "eyesore on the neighborhood". she says she won't report me to the board and suggest a fine if i remove it immediately. i calmly inform her about the patio construction and how the crew needs to store their tools and materials at night, but she's absolutely foaming at the mouth about how "tacky" it is to have a trailer in front of the house and (again) it's against the rules. i calmly inform her that i am not the homeowner, nor the owner of the trailer and there isn't much i can do about it (especially at 6:30 pm on a friday night). nevertheless, she's adamant that i do something. by this point i'm fed up with this woman, who obviously has nothing better to do with her evening than bother her neighbors with bullshit. i look at her and casually ask "just out of curiosity, what's the fine for not picking up after your dog if it shits in someone's lawn?". i tell ya, the look on her face at that point was classic. she stuttered for a minute before telling me she would "have to look into that…". i told her i'd be grateful if she did because my cousin has been suspecting a neighbor of letting their dog poop in his lawn, so he set up a video camera in the window to catch the culprit. upon hearing that, she got a little flustered and told me to tell the patio crew to hurry up, then she walked away with a huff. a small victory to be sure, but quite satisfying nevertheless. edit: formattinga few months ago i was studying in the library and the guy across the table from me was having a loud and obnoxious conversation about a friend who had pissed him off earlier. it was probably just heightened by the silence of the room but still extremely distracting. he kept talking and talking and talking so i asked him to go somewhere else to finish his phone call. he scuffed his breath at me and kept talking. when he went to the toilet half an hour later i stole one of the little rubber bits off the bottom of his laptop so it wobbles and moved to a different floor. fear me.it was a friday night when she asked to meet up at the local mall. i ended up picking up a game (castlevania, my love) while we were there. we ended up going back to house and watching movies, she ended up asking if i would be willing to be her boyfriend again. i said yes, despite my instincts telling me not to. that night, i ended up going tobogganing with a group of friends. i ended up smashing through a fence and don't remember much of the night. ended up with a concussion, long hospital visit blah blah. anyways, she calls me the next day and the biggest bullshitter on the world took over my body. before she could even speak i was yelling into the phone, "whoa long time no talk what have you been up to?!". she was chit chatty and asked about my day. i told her i got a new game and a concussion the night before, and that's all i remember. she cried on the phone and insisted we spent the day together. but i insisted how crazy and unlike me that was. tl;dr : don't cheat on a man who is prone to injuries.my landlord is the cheapest man i've ever met, and i'm actually in the process of looking for a new place to live, but while i'm still here i figured i'd have some fun. my apartment is right next to my landlord's apartment, except his back door is about a 10 foot walk away from my front door, which is totally fine. i'm a pretty lowkey person; i don't host parties and i don't play loud music at odd hours of the night. my rent has always been on time, and if anything broke in the apartment i went and fixed it myself. the last two months, my landlord has "lost" my rent check and then given me a very hard time about not getting my rent in on time. the thing is, i use a third party that gives me emails when the money is taken out of my account, when the check is mailed, and the carrier that delivers the check to my landlord's doorstep (because he wouldn't allow me to personally put it in his mailbox even though it's 10 feet away). so i knew my landlord was trying to mess with me because i'm fairly young, and he figured i didn't have the experience to know what was going on. legally he was within his rights as a landlord as long as he didn't cash both checks, so he was just making my life difficult. here's where i decided to get petty. aside from claiming to not have received my checks, he's been using my front porch as his place to saw wood and do construction shit for his apartment. the last month or so, without consulting me about it, he would completely obstruct the stairs and walkway to my front door with piles of sawdust and massive pieces of wood. my girlfriend hit her head walking up to my apartment because one of the construction guys swung around a big piece of wood and didn't see her walking there. i decided to do something about it. the construction guy my landlord hired to do all this work doesn't have a key to the front gate that automatically locks when closed, so that gate would be propped open whenever i'd come home from class. every single time i would come home and close the gate so the construction guy would have to call my landlord and make him walk down the stairs and unlock it for him. i could hear him cursing and saying "i know i left it open for you. i don't know who the fuck keeps closing it." it's me, asshole. i know you think i'm too young and naive to know you're trying to take advantage of me, so enjoy a little forced exercise, you fucking used dildo. there i was just minding my own business, driving on 695 (baltimore), on my way to dc. i was in the right lane getting ready to get on 95 when you swerved 3 lanes, almost hit me, and slammed into the guardrail. i was in shock as to how close you were to killing me but, i still pulled over and ran out of my car to see if you were ok. when i got to your car it was clear that you were high on some kind of drug. you tried to drive off, even though your car was smoking and clearly totaled. you were belligerent and you were down right an asshole to me. you called me a fag and you called the other guy who pulled over to help you a nigger. i then saw there was blood running down your face. i went into my car and grabbed the towel i had in there. i gave you the towel and you proceeded to wipe down your bloody face with it. little did you know the reason why i had a towel in my car. ya see i still live at home with my parents and well it really isnt a good idea to bring a girl back to your place when you still live with your parents, the car is a more feasible solution. and lets just say i have used that towel on occasion to clean up the mess. i hope you enjoyed my cum on your face. so this actually happened something like.. two weeks? ago, but i was just told to post this here, so i will. first of, i'll clarify that i'm female, and a bodybuilder. i'm almost 200 pounds by now. i'm fairly well built in other words. i noticed about 15 minutes in that a guy was more or less following me around the gym, always doing something that happened to be right next to where i was at the time. he also thought i didn't notice him checking me out in the mirrors. him looking i guess i can deal with, whatever, enjoy the view i suppose. but he kept giving his buddies this... *look* and then back at me, and they just kept smiling and nodding, as if they're giving him approval or something. after a while i had enough, and decided to give a little back. so i started going to whatever he was trying to impress me with last time, adding some weight, and then redoing the same set he did with the extra weight. i don't even think he noticed at first... but his friends did. after a while of this circus of us basically walking in circles and me putting on weights on his previous machine and then outdoing him, i managed to get him back into the same one twice in a row. i swear to god he was oblivious to even that fact. only thing was i had added almost 45 pounds to it since he was there, and done my set on it. he sits down, gives it a push and realizes he can't do it. he tries again, gets about an inch of lift, and then drops again. his friends burst out laughing. in an embarrassed rush he pins the weight down and continues to be his impressive self. but the damage was done, as was i, so i left. when i left his friends were still laughing their asses off at him. i just smiled and waved goodbye to my new gym buddy. haven't seen him in there since. so i finally have my best petty revenge story to date. about 2 months ago i had signed a lease agreement for an apartment with all utilities included for a year. the apartment itself has been nothing but a pain in the are since the very get go. i.e. filthy, broken furniture, bugs everywhere. it was a borderline meth house. but, we cleaned it up and made it livable and i was finally satisfied. until a call from my landlord who lives right above me. before i get into detail, i should mention that my apartment is a basement level brick house that's surrounded by trees. it gets very hot and stuffy/humid because of this. so i tend to leave my air conditioner on close to 24/7 because it's really my only source of air circulation. (windows are painted over and won't open) and you can already see where this is going. so in this phone call, my landlord says that he will "make me a deal" and "here's what we're going to do" he said, "i will reduce your rent by $40 in exchange of you paying the electricity utility because it's costing me too much." i told him i'm not going to agree with that because that's not what i signed up for. and before you say, "why don't you stop being a dick" please understand that this place was so neglected and this is just one of the many problems over dealt with this asshat. so here's where my pretty revenge kicks in. he told me that because i refuse to sign the new contract, he will not be renewing my lease in 10 months. i told him that was fine. he thought just the a/c running was bad? try all my lights when i'm gone, my tv, my surround sound, my christmas lights (i'm feeling a little festive now), the a/c, my fan, two refrigerators, and a partridge in a pear tree. have fun with these bills, you neglectful ass....and after checking his food, water, and litter, and even bringing him up with us (he's old and can't get on the bed sometimes), we deduced he was meowing simply because we were asleep while we were so obviously supposed to be awake petting him. so, in order to remind him who's boss in this little bispecies relationship, we made him wear the punishment hat in the morning while we got ready for work. [behold the supremacy of man.]( **edit** hey guys, i truly appreciate the concern for his health, but don't worry. he's always been a vocal little attention whore, this is par for the course for king speedy gonzalez (long may he reign). if it makes y'all feel better, i was a vet tech for a year and have worked with and around animals my whole life and my gf has lived in a house full of cats since she was a kid. i promise we'll be watching out for him.was visiting family over the holidays, little sister decided to hide my stuff in an attempt to be "funny" and recreate the "old days" when we were younger. she knows it annoys the living hell out of me but did it anyways. i spent a good hour looking for half of my charger. she hid the cable part, then i found one of my shoes in the dishwasher. i calmly asked her to stop and give me my stuff back, she did give it back but didn't stop. slowly more of my items went missing and i went to reclaim them every time and today i got my revenge. i got all the toilet paper in the house and put it in one bathroom while she was sleeping. we had spicy food last night (which gives her the runs) and my plan was set in motion. i greeted her and made my way to the bathroom, she has been standing outside of the bathroom for 10 minutes and as i type this i sit in my toilet paper kingdom enjoying the revenge in motion. update: after 45 minutes of me sitting in here she drove off to the nearest gas station to go defecate. i believe i wini got a 40 count bag of pizza rolls and my lazy ocd brother eats 'em all without asking. so i took off one of the half-inch gripper pads for his chair. he now rocks a little, and it's driving him insane, but he's too lazy to fix it. sweet revenge.we have a house across the road from another long-term resident, and both of us live next door to student housing that causes its share of problems, one of those being a fellow who parks his car on either of our lawns if he can't get any other off-street parking. that's gone as far as parking perpendicularly across my driveway and getting aggro when we've asked him to move. he's been parked on my neighbour's lawn for just over four hours. my neighbour's auto sprinkler system comes on repeatedly every 30 minutes. idiot parker has two of his windows down. i don't know, my memory keeps failing me. i keep seeing it and thinking i should head across and warn him, but i just turn away and there's new stuff on reddit and i just keep getting distracted. how about that new kitten picture guys?all the recent posts about parking lot revenge reminded me of this one. years ago i worked with a guy who grew up in chicago during the 50's. he told the story of one particularly nasty winter when he and his father spent a long time clearing their driveway, only to come home later and find a neighbors car parked in it. his father was enraged, but rather than heading off to thrash the owner, he got a water hose and sprinkler out of storage, and hooked them up. he set the sprinkler so it would cover the car pretty evenly, turned it on and walked away. the car was soon a car shaped iceberg. the owner must have taken the hint, because they never caught him trying to get into it, but occasionally ice would be chipped away around the door. it took multiple attempts before they finally managed it though. especially since his dad slosh another bucket of water over it now and then. i went to college in another state from where i grew up. i'd been with my girlfriend for three years at the time so we tried to do the long distance thing. within a week she was acting weird and then she just suddenly quit talking to me without any goodbye. i was understandably confused, so i called her house to try to talk to her. she wasn't home, but her dad (who is fucking awesome) told me that she'd been hanging out with my best friend (from here on out referred to as db, for douchebag). i called dbs roommate that i got along with and asked him to tell me the truth. he said she'd been over every night that week and stayed. i lost my shit. called them both pissed off, told them to fuck themselves, etc. initially i wanted to kick his ass, but by the time i came home for break i'd decided it wasn't worth it. so i just let it go and moved on. a few years go by, i finish college and move back home. one day i get a call from db. he's three hours away from home and his car is broken down. he doesn't want to pay a towing company to get it home and i'm the only one he knows with a trailer big enough to haul it. he says he knows it's awkward but he'll give me $200 if i come get him. i was fucking ecstatic. told him i was an hour and a half away from home but i could leave after that if he wanted. he says that's fine. i get off the phone and go back to watching tv on my couch. two hours go by: db: hey, have you left yet? me: i'm getting ready now, traffic was bad db: ok. see you in a few hours three more hours: db: you getting close? me: my gps screwed up, still about a half hour another hour db: dude where are you at? ten minutes db: hello? five minutes db: answer your phone dude five minutes: db: are you even coming? me: nah, but have fun. he didn't respond after thatmy boyfriend's addict uncle is squatting at my landlord/bf's aunt's downstairs (again) which is usually always stressful and annoying because he has no boundaries or sense of responsibility however over the summer he rescued an abused pit from some unsavory friend/acquaintance/dealer. so now the dog is downstairs too. sweet, loving doll of dog who uncle uses to brag about how he rescued her so he's a saint and she only listens to him, and is loyal for being saved, bla blah blah. now in addition to cleaning up after our own dog there's double the poo in the backyard yet no help from him with pick up. she's left for hours/days at the house so we let her out due to pity. it's not her sweet fault he's a jackass. on top of that we regularly hear him yelling at her when she barks and smacking her when she doesn't listen. i've made a routine out of going down to let her out, feed her a treat, take her on walks, and enforce training even though he doesn't use commands. last night i went down to chit chat with the family. she greets me at the door as she does anyone excited and bouncy and too big for the small kitchen. he comes in yelling and smacks her on the ass. she reacts to it as an elephant does a fly landing on it's back so he keeps at it. over the ruckus i calmly but sternly say, "baby. **sit**." she stops, glances over, and promptly approaches completely oblivious of her owner and sits down at me feet completely attentive for her next command. it was very, very hard to keep the delicious victory from showing on my face. so, my first ever flatmate had basically been the flatmate from hell. she didn't do dishes, left raw chicken on top of my open pack of sandwich meat on more than one occasion, would leave me to clean the whole place top to toe multiple times a month (i would tidy as i went but she would just let the mess accumulate), she even abandoned me to handle an inspection, that she'd requested be on a date suitable for her, all myself - which included gutting the flat so it'd be presentable as we were students and the landlord already had very little faith. she decided to let me know a month before the lease was up that she was planning to move out and i'd have to find a new roommate, during my exam period. i straight up hated her and i'm sure she was aware. my flatmate also liked to take 2, sometimes 3 baths a day, because she was apparently so stressed out by her uni course. she would fill the bath to the brim with boiling water, and add a splash of cold at the end. i find baths disgusting and relied on the electric shower, but these baths of hers always took hours, meaning i'd be showering at 2am sometimes. one month, a gas bill came through. £184.82, in my name, on top of a £64 electricity bill. i'd already had to deal with debt collector letters after a bill had been sitting (opened by her, which she kept to herself!) for months unpaid, so this bill put me into a genuine panic. i relied entirely on my student loan, while her dad paid half her bills for her. i managed to get her to pay her half, and had a talk where i requested she cut down on the baths because i wouldn't be able to handle a bill like that again. she heed and hawed but agreed. this only lasted a week before she was back to basically living in the tub, and i had been pushed and pushed and pushed past my limit more times than is even possibly acceptable. so i hid the bath plug.a few years ago my friend and i went into taco bell to grab some food to go. my friend's food came first and he went over to the sauce area and grabbed a few sauce packets (4 or 5 at the most). all of a sudden, i heard the manager from behind the counter shout condescendingly "have you had enough?!" my friend sheepishly tried to defend himself saying he barely grabbed any. the manager insisted that he's had enough and should "just stop". he was confused and embarrassed and just walked out. i was so pissed at her that as soon as my food came out, i went over to the sauce area and grabbed the entire bin of hot sauce and quickly left. let's just say that justice was delicious for the next year in my apartment. i wish i could've seen the manager's face when she saw all the sauce was gone.back in college, my suitemates decided to prank a friend of ours who lived on the floor above us. during an entire sunday afternoon, 8 of us blew up balloons which we stored in one of our bedrooms, and once our friend went to work on monday evening (at the campus library), we filled her room from floor to ceiling with the balloons. ironically, as a relatively direct result of this prank, she and i began dating. she mentioned (playfully) that she would "get me back" for the balloon prank, but that i would probably never realize what she had done. her revenge was so subtle that i, indeed, had no idea that anything had been done to create the minor annoyance that plagued me for the remainder of our time at college. she sewed a [library book security tag]( into the inside of my backpack, so every time i left the library, i set off the alarm and had my backpack searched.so i walk my(not really mine, it's my grandparents dog but they can't walk that far anymore so i do it for them) dog everyday and this man walks up to me and starts yelling at me that i never clean up after my dog. he did this while i was holding the bag with the dogs poop. at first i kept calm and explained that he must be confused with someone else because i always clean up after my dog and carry 4 extra plastic bags just in case i need more. the man didn't believe me and said that next time he saw me leaving it he would "kick the living shit of my dog". at that moment i snapped, i untied the bag and threw it through his open window and ran. sometimes i still leave a nice present in his mailbox. be a dick to me all you want, but when you threaten my dog i'll lose all boundaries.i live in an apartment complex, but its unique in its layout. i live above a doctors office, but my apartment sits directly above a tunnel for the doctor's crew to get to the parking lot. this means i have 3 neighbors: one behind me (best friend), one directly next to me (2 layers of thick concrete makes a great sound barrier), and one directly adjacent to my place. since the school year started, the adjacent people play loud music on weekends, and talk loudly in the tunnel, creating an echo chamber in my room. i hate them. they always get pissy when i bang on the floor or walls to quiet down. they usually go louder and harder from it. today, my vengeance made itself known. woke up early to work on some stuff (9 am), and turned on a song (the volume low). i hear the neighbors banging on their wall, but my music is so quiet i don't know why. eventually, they scream at me to turn it off. they kept me up all night last night. fuck them. i turn up my bass all the way and play *bass canon* for 10 minutes straight. the whole time, the neighbor is screaming bloody murder at me. i danced naked the whole time.i live in a 4 plex apartment building, and my neighbor right above me kept flicking his cigarette butts down onto my front step. now he's a chain smoker, so it adds up really quickly. i kept just ignoring him and kept sweeping them off, just going about my business since i don't really like confrontation. but other friends and family started to notice and comment about it. which made it embarrassing for me and my wife. i finally built up the nerve and mentioned it to him and asked if he'd mind not flicking them down. he apologized and it stopped for about a week, but it started again slowly and then it was all back. well i spoke to him again, nothing. i spoke to my landlord, nothing. finally i had enough. revenge - i got a grocery bag and painstakingly picked up every, single, stinking, rotting, disgusting cigarette butt and put them in the bag. there were hundreds of them everywhere, in my planters, on the walkway, and all around my car. i went out back where his personal entry door was and dumped them all on his step. it felt soooo good. and surprisingly i never found another one on my step after that. tl;dr - neighbor above me kept dropping his cigarette butts on my doorstep. so i emptied a bag full of his butts on his door step.when i was 19 i worked at a pizza hut delivering pizzas. one night i delivered a pizza to this guy who lived in an apartment complex. this apartment complex had a podium with little square buttons that you could press to buzz each apartment. when i reached this guy's apartment he started acting like a dick because i had held the button for too long and had upset his dog. i had held the button for maybe three seconds. i apologized, because i still wanted that sweet sweet tip money. however, he kept acting like a dick about it and made me give him exact change. so a few nights later i went back to his apartment building at 1am and taped down his buzzer button. i could hear him yelling "who the fuck is it? stop ringing my buzzer" over the intercom as i ran out the door to go back to my truck to drive away.this one is kind of ongoing, but i think it fits here. bit of a backstory: my housemate is a gamer. not a casual gamer but the kind who can get so pissed off at his games he once threw one of his xbone controllers out his window so hard it cleared the street beside our house and landed in the empty lot kiddy corner to our house. naturally his obsession with video games has him playing them until 3 am, and since he is unemployed he does this daily, keeping me up with explosions, yelling of various colourful adverbs, and stomping on the floor of his room in rage. i've put up with this for a few months since he said he was trying to find a job, but, after multiple complaints from our neighbours (we are in a town house block) and me needing to be alert for my job (line of sight internet installer, icy roofs are not fun) it's gotten to the point where i have decided to take action. there were other factors (he's a shitty housemate in general) but those are the reasons i'm using this particular vector of attack, well that and the fact that he's not going to figure it out. the plot: working with routers almost daily for various kinds of customers has shown me how to configure them in a wide number of aggravating ways, from using a hard lined connection to 'flicker' the wifi on and off (dropping his connection to whatever server he's gaming on), to turning off ssid broadcasting (makes it so you have to manually enter the ssid and password on every single device you want to connect to it) to the lovely and autonomous access time restriction page. the last one there is my phase three for this one and was just put into place last night. i've set it up so his xbox is denied it's internet access after 11pm (when i usually decide i'd better hit the hay.) i've set this to take effect on weekdays, and i've set it to 1 am on weekends so our neighbours will stop coming to me with complaints about him. the result: had my first good sleep in weeks to the sound of him running downstairs to reset the router. tl;dr: if you rely on a service that your housemate works on daily, you don't be an ass to him.it is finals week. for the second day in a row, my roommate threw a very loud party, even when l told her l was going to be studying all day and needed my sleep. they stayed up 'til dawn. this morning, after a terrible night of sleep, l woke up early to study. i made a smoothie, and made sure to use all the blender settings. my roommate came down and complained l was too loud. i turned around and asked, "oh am l being too loud, you can't sleep?" and kept blending. revenge tastes delicious. so, i work retail in the south after getting my degree, mostly because it allows me to take time off to focus on my photography. over the past year, i have had several incidents with customers being complete assholes, including a woman trying to make me feel bad because she arrived almost a half hour after we closed. anyway, on to the story. i had a customer call up and ask what the price was on a certain bag of dog food. she spoke really fast and with a drawl, which i am still not used to hearing, having come from seattle. well, i asked her to repeat the question, which apparently indicated "i'm talking with an idiot." she repeated the question again, taking her time and pronouncing every syllable like only a complete bitch does. thoroughly pissed off, i decided it was time to get a little revenge. i found the tag, picked up the phone and, as quick as i could, gave my response of how much it was and how much it would cost with the discount. when she asked me what i said, i took my time pronouncing every syllable, just to make her feel like shit. her tone instantly changed. never fuck with someone in retail.so my teenage son frequently "forgets" that he is supposed to clean the kitchen in the evening. this is annoying not just because it is gross to wake up to a messy kitchen, but also because he is constantly complaining that we don't treat him more like an adult. he is a smart kid but he doesn't seem to understand that adults don't get to do whatever they want. if he wants to be treated like an adult he needs to man up and take care of his obligations, right? last night, again, he didn't clean the kitchen. and he didn't have time to do it in the morning because he woke up late, as usual. so i loaded up the dishwasher myself, and made sure to turn it on just as he started his shower. ha, no hot water for him this morning.i posted this as a comment under a different sub, and was told perhaps you guys might like this story. i dropped my lawn and pest control company because after the first few months, my nice green grass wasn't nice or green anymore. about a year passes, and a rep from the company shows up (not knowing that i used their services in the past) offering me their services. i didn't mention anything about my past experiences, and told them that i was happy with my current provider, but explained that my parents live not too far away, and if he followed me to their house, he could maybe take a look at what's going on there and see if they're interested. we went to my parents' house and he looked around and told me how terribly unhealthy the grass is and explained what all the issues were and how their services would take care of it all. it was at this point that i told him that his company currently handles my parents' house, and that's why i dropped them at my house. it was worth every second of acting like i was interested just to see the look on his face.[album]( of pictures with captions documenting op's pettiness. personally, i don't think i'd be so forgiving.somehow closed the browser. lost it all. when it came time to feed him later tonight i fed him a can of wal-mart special kitty instead of his usual fancy feast. that will teach him.excuse any formatting issues, mobile user here so i work as a cashier at a family-friendly entertainment center. it has go-karts, mini-golf, an arcade...the works. so these two girls come in, looking to be around 15-16 and they want to go on the go-karts. alright, cool. but, it's not cool when you start talking about how my co-worker is a massive slut because she's dating a guy you have a crush on. (she told me this later, i just figured there was something going on) so they decide to do two races each which comes down to 17 dollars apiece. turns out they had 36 dollars between the two of them but they wanted to get drinks. because of their attitudes, i didn't tell them about our deal in which they get two races for fifteen dollars. the best part was when they started arguing because one girl had more money than the other and she wanted her to pay her back later, but the girl with less money said the rich girl should just pay without compensation because "we're friends" tl:dr: i start a whore-off over 4 dollarsmy friends bought their very first home not long after he and his wife graduated college. they had lived their whole married life in "married housing" which basically consisted of a one room apartment on campus. needless to say, they were beyond excited to have their very own place and lots of room. within the first day, only hours after moving in, the neighbor next to them started yelling and screaming at them to move their cars and that if they did not move their cars, he would not only have them towed but he would file trespassing charges on them for being on his property. my friends were beyond upset and didn't know what to do; they were just certain that their realtor had told them that the gravel driveway was theirs as was the very small piece of land that connected the driveway to their home. so for the time being they parked their cars directly in front of their house (practically on their lawn). in the meantime, the neighbor had rented a bulldozer and parked it in the spot that he claimed was his. he moved piles and piles of dirt into huge mounds blocking off entry to the gravel driveway. seeing as how i work for the state as a social worker, i know quite a few people at the local court house. i called a few people and was directed to someone that could get me a copy of a land survey that had been done on my friends property. after pulling a few strings, i managed to get a copy of it. this is where it gets reallllllly good. almost makes me want to jump up and down again while telling this story. you see....the land survey showed that the gravel drive way and the little patch of land connecting it to my friends house was theirs. the crazy neighbor was actually trespassing by having his rented bull dozer on their property. what makes it even better is that he had used this bull dozer to destroy their property by moving the huge mounds of dirt all over. so, i told my friends and they called the police (there was no reasoning with this man). the police officer was just wonderful. he explained to the neighbor that he was trespassing and that he had to remove the bulldozer immediately and that he was lucky because his neighbors had declined to press charges against him for destruction of their property on the condition that he repair the driveway to its original condition so that it could be accessed by the owners. needless to say, the neighbor hasn't caused anymore problems for my friends and avoids them at all costs. so i posted on here a little while ago about my room mate using up all my baby wipes and he said to me he would stop. well the past 2 days he started doing it again along with using my tooth paste and not even fucking being kind enough to put the cap back on after using it. so i confronted him about this again and he said "whatever i don't give a shit, hide it somewhere then". nah... nah i will keep it there, i have an idea. a couple days ago he said he has a girl coming over and would like to get some action and leave him alone. i said ok no worries. so about an hour before she came over i pretended to leave and said i am heading out for the night. 5 minutes later i snuck back in while he was making dinner for the both of them. i got to my room and hid in there knowing that for a fact at some point in the night she would ask to use the bathroom, and i needed to take a shit. so 45 minutes goes by and she arrived and i am just waiting. about 2 hours after she gets there i hear him go take a piss. ah perfect! he went first! now time to take a big fat fucking shit. i run into the bathroom and crap as quiet as i possibly can. a huge load. and i don't flush or put the lid down. i go back to my room and wait. i stare at the clock and sit there giggling like quagmire, exactly 28 minutes go by and whoooop there she goes, into the bathroom. she was in there for exactly 6 seconds and came out. 7 minutes later she leaves. guess who isn't getting any pussy.i did some freelance scripting for a toplist voting site. owner hasn't responded to texts/emails asking for payment. wasn't even that much money. so this morning, i changed the ftp password and added a [few lines of javascript.]((x-posted from /r/talesfromretail at the suggestion of /u/creatrixanima) not my story, but a friend in high school. she was working at a florist shop in a town that had a university that tended to attract some rather...."unusual" people, and the shop she worked in was near the school. so she had a few good stories of oddball patrons. one day a fellow came into the store and requested a single, long stemmed red rose. she pulled one out of the display cooler, sniffed it, and handed it to him. the customer looked at it as if she'd just given him a dog turd and handed it back, saying "no, i want an *un*-sniffed one." she said she'd have to get one from the walk-in cooler. she went in, pulled out a rose, sniffed it, then took it out and sold it to him. they were both happy with the transaction.my gf decided to pick on me during family brunch to make me react. instead, once we watched a movie together i changed the volume from time to time to odd numbers (x1, x3, x7, x9) when the sound became too loud or too soft so she doesn't get the satisfaction of round and even numbers. she complained about the odd number every time i did it. take that!backstory: i'm a very average guy. not fat, but could use to lose a few pounds. not ugly, but i'm not brad pitt either. i'm not rich, but i have, however, managed to earn a good living in the tech industry. most people describe me as a nice, average guy. i went back to the little town in pennsylvania where i grew up to see some old friends. it's a 3+ hour drive, so i made sure i plenty of time, and arrived at the bar a little early. while i was waiting for my friends, 2 very good looking women sat down at the bar next to me. being bored and wanting to kill some time, i struck up a conversation with them. no lines, and nothing that could be construed as hitting on them. nothing more than "hi, cool place, huh?" it took the redhead about 3.7 seconds to "shut me down" as she said to her friend. i guess i wasn't good looking enough, and they were "out of my league". i was told i shouldn't bother even trying, and that they weren't going to waste their time. at this point i just chuckled and turned my back. i don't care who you are, or how hot you are; everyone should be treated with a basic level of respect and decency. the next time the bartender walked over i asked him to give everyone in the entire bar a round on me, except for the 2 women that were so rude to me. by the time my friends arrived at the bar, i was best buddies with almost everyone in there, and the 2 bitches were left at the bar alone. the bar tab was north of $600, but it was worth every penny.bit of background, i'm a city bus driver, route i was on runs every 15 minutes or so at the time this story takes place. i pull up to my last stop before turning around, i see a teenage girl running, i wait, there are another three teens behind her, but they're just strolling, and seem to have no interest in getting on. so i close my doors, but then they start waving at mecto stop, i open again, still no damn hustle, just strolling. when they get to the doors, i motion them to enter, quickly shut my doors and go. school is about to let out, i have zero time to spare. as i'm making my turn, the one guy in the group puts his fare in and asks for a transfer. i tell him to just wait until i'm finished turning. he says "yo, just *gimme* a transfer!" excuse me? i let him know exactly what i think of his "gimme", before i finally give him his transfer. as he's walking away, he calls me a little bitch under his breath. park the bus, hit the four ways, tell him he can apologize or go for a walk. " yo, i'm not apologizing all i said was i want a transfer". i tell him i heard what he said, and ask him if he's gonna repeat it and own up to it, he does not. whatever, just some dumb kid. move on. next week, i pull up to the same stop a couple minutes early, see him walking to the bus. he sees me, starts running. i give him a little wave and drive away. next week, i think, okay, enough is enough, he's learned his lesson, i almost feel bad about last time. i kill some time so i won't be too early, pull up to the same stop, same kid, still late, except this time when he sees me he gives me the finger. congratulations, you played yourself. i just smile, shake my head, and drive away.i work in a deli. im usually a passive agressive bitch to rude customers. you know the kind. dont say please? ill squash your ricotta flat as a pancake as i wrap it up. just point and say "give me this!" i will grab everything except for what youre pointing at to waste your time. demand something cut fresh even though you just saw me cut it and put it in the case? ill tell you there is none left out the back to cut. but today i decided to take it to a new level. every rude customer i had i told them "have a lovely morning/afternoon" instead of "have a nice day". yeah thats right bitches. you only get to have a nice part of the day. i hope the rest of it is horrible and you have to eat a bag of dicks or something. ahahahahahha. take that.last year i moved very far away from my two children and ex due to a job offer. before i left i gave my 8 and 6 year old each a tablet with skype and lots of goodies downloaded on them. tested them to make sure they worked with my iphone and let them take their tablets to their mothers. each time i asked to skype with the kids she had some excuse about not figuring it out to be able to. after three months i gave in and bought an ipod with facetime capabilities and sent it to her. once again i made sure every thing was in order before i sent it. now there were more excuses about wifi not working and other lame excuses. i heard from my son his older half sister had taken their ipod and they don't get to use it or had seen it in a long time. now that i have them for the entire summer, my ex texted me that she now has a smart phone and wants to face time with the kids. i told her to call my phone on it but she couldn't figure it out. she has some galaxy. after her struggle for hours and listening to her complain about it, i finally told her "the ipod i sent the kids in december is all set up to for facetime if you can find it". no text back for the rest of the day. [saw this on fb.]( "this is wot happens wen u park in my loading zone. enjoy moving the bricks by hand fuckwit" i went into an empty italian restaurant one night (the fact that it was empty should have told me everything i needed to know) and the place was literally owned and run by a "mom and pop". no servers: he cooked, she brought it out. she had a terrible attitude, was slow, never refilled drinks, turned the tv on with the volume blasting (so they could hear it in the kitchen), got mad when i asked her to turn it down a little, since i couldn't even have a conversation with my lady, etc. the food was crap. then, to top it off, she had the nerve to bring out a bill with a 20% tip already factored into the total. **oh hell naw...** i crossed out the tip and paid what it should have been and left one penny on the table. a couple of years back myself and a couple of friends were enjoying some late night weekend drinking. as usual, the bar was packed and i was still waiting for drinks after 40 minutes or so. i am not a patient person. i saw many people come and go from the bar yet i was still to be served. when i finally secured a place at the bar, about to hail the bar steward, only to notice a sharp, digging pain in my left side. i look, a young girl, around 18 yo was stood there, i heard her friend tell her to 'dig her elbows deeper'. then she somehow managed to get in front of me to the bar, block my path and allow her pal access. i had waited too long for this to happen and not yet being drunk i quickly thought of a plan. "it's ok ladies, allow me. this rounds on me. what would you like?" they requested their order, though i never bothered to listen to it. they then freed up some space for me to get to the bar. i ordered my drink and nothing more. i then proceeded to explain to the barman how i had heard these girls talking about school and probably weren't old enough for drinking. i turned around to see them casting me some really evil looks as i left the bar with only my drink. they lost their place, had to wait some more time only to be refused drinks as they failed to produce id. tl;dr girl elbows me out of the way in a bar queue, i offer to buy drinks and instead buy only my own, alert the bartender to possible under-age drinking. feel like a boss all night.was at the grocery market yesterday. in the line next to me was a mom and her whiny son. he was crying because she wouldn't get him candy. this went on and on and was annoying. she finally caved. as annoying as the whining was, i was more annoyed at the fact that she caved in. so we had to listen to all of that for no reason. so we were leaving nearly simultaneously. the kid was running toward the doors, but i got there first. i walked across both sets of automatic doors so the little shit didn't get to open them.my manager is an asshole. anyways, there he was last friday bitching at all the employees to do their job faster because he had to close early and rush home to his wife. i'm busy mopping the floor in the entry way to the back when he pulled the whole you-missed-a-spot act. as in stopped what he was doing to watch my for a couple minutes before saying anything. when he went outside the double doors i poured out some of the water from my bucket onto the floor by the doors. as he came through in a rush, just like he said, he slipped, and landed on his ass. i told him to be careful, that's why the sign says slippery when wet. earlier today, a customer approached me about grabbing something out of willcall. i wasn't busy, so i pulled up his order, printed a pick list, and told him i'll be back. after locating the items, i realized i didn't have the proper cart to bring them out. i walk out to grab one and on my way back in, he stops me and asks, "do i have to wait an hour?" i make him repeat his question and, probably realizing i'm not taking any of his shit, he mumbles it out. i ask, "why do you think you're going to wait that long?" while still looking him dead in the eyes. "i'm getting them right now. why do you think you have to wait an hour?" he doesn't answer. i grab his items, bring them out, and instead of bringing them closer to the entrance/exit as i usually do, i bring the cart all the way to the furthest computer on the desk to close out his order. i print out his receipt, make him sign, and before he was done signing for it, i had already turned my back to him to start helping another customer. didn't offer to help him load it up (it was a fancy, delicate glass door that i intentionally stood up on the cart instead of laying down) or thank him. hope you crack the glass as you're loading it up, you fuck. tldr: customer was being a sarcastic douche so i made him push an awkward cart an extra 50 feet.i have just witnessed this revenge. my husband and i are staying at a hotel for the new year's weekend and were waiting patiently for an elevator to reach the hotel lobby and take us to our 8th floor room to take a short nap. the elevator finally reaches floor 1 and a little girl cuts us off to stand directly in front of the doors, ensuring she's the first one in. ok, whatever, the kid is in a hurry and there's plenty of room for all. however the doors open and she rushes into the elevator and stands in the middle, not only preventing everyone inside from immediately stepping out, but now they have to walk around her, wasting precious seconds before hubby and i can finally enter the elevator. once inside, little girl's floor 10 has already been selected. my husband pushes the button for the 8th floor and without hesitation also pushes the button for the 9th floor. hope your stop at the 9th floor didn't delay you any further.i work security and we're supposed to report certain things to the local police department, whose sole purpose is to respond to shit either we or one of the other departments calls in. litterally, our work sitehas it's own police subdivision. now, normally, i'll filter out most useless stuff that fixes itself in under ten minutes, because the local police are technically my boss's bosses, and i don't want to piss them off by calling in pointless shit. this still has me calling maybe 5-6 times a day. that was until i found out the dispatcher that works my shift was talking shit about me and how much she hated working with me because i called "everything" in, keep in mind this is third shift and none of the other departments are active save mine, and that she didnt like having to deal with our calls and just ignored everything i reported any way because she felt it wasn't their job to respond to our side of things. even though we're explicitly told not to do anything but observe and report. that's where she fucked up. i don't care if she doesn't like me, because, whatever, i don't know her so fuck it. but her not responding to our calls when it could be dangerous to my co-workers and i, pissed me off just a bit. i started calling *everything* in, so now i end up calling them maybe three or four times as much, since now i'm calling in every time there's a small problem and every time the problem fixes itself. and every time they haven't responded, i report that to my supervisor who reports and documents it with the police officer in charge of the area, causing more paperwork for everyone there. bitch wants to play that way, i can play that way. by...uh...doing my job better i guess.my boss and i pretty much share our workload and, while i will do any work given to me without complaint, sometimes he really does just get a bit ridiculous, giving me 3 things one after the other and expecting me to be able to do them all at the same time, while he pisses about with something unimportant or playing solitaire, right where i can see him doing it in a fit of return to work misery, i have decided that every time he leaves the office for a reasonable amount of time, i'll be making small but annoying changes to his computer. today's change - i've turned down his mouse speed, just enough that it's a pain, but not enough that he'll know to question it. it has improved my outlook considerably edit - i think i'm going to have loads of fun playing with these suggestions!my original story is here: well, looks like that asshole parked in a spot in my lot that we had rented to someone else. they took matters into their own hands. edit: i am on my phone so i have deleted the picture until i can get home and blur the plate edit 2: picture is back up. i unfortunately never got to see his reaction; trust me this ruined my day more than it could possibly have ruined yours. i was standing in line at the grocery checkout when the conveyor belt started to move. the woman in front of me was still busy getting her things in order, so we were all still standing in the same place in line. the guy behind me, on the other hand, couldn't wait. he kept getting too close into my personal space just to put his stuff into any empty space on his part of the belt as it was passing by me. my (very long) hair happened to be loose and still damp from a recent shower. i quickly put up my hair in a high ponytail. the next time he was in my space was when i remembered i wanted to look at the chocolates at the side aisle. i suddenly and forcefully turned my head, smacking him *accidentally* in his face. oops. my bad. he apologized.my dad witnessed this one at the post office. an elderly lady in front of him asked for a single stamp. obviously considering this a waste of her time, the bitch behind the counter makes a snorting noise, rips off a stamp and flicks it across the counter where it lands on the floor. she doesn't apologise or offer the lady another stamp. the old lady considers for a second, picks up the stamp and leaves her 50 cent piece on the floor in its place. she says a cheery "thank you!" and walks out, and the bitch behind the counter has to walk around to pick up the money. my dad said it made him smile for the rest of the day.so this is a pretty short story, but once upon a time i used to work customer service in retail. a particularly unpleasant customer came through the register while on his phone. i waited for him to get off the phone to serve him, which was evidently a grave offence. he got irritated and just threw his credit card at me in order to start the transaction. i had already been annoyed by his being rude enough to come through while on the phone and not say a word to me. so i picked his credit card up, threw it back at him and said "let's try that again from the start". he just about had a heart attack, lost his temper at me and threw his card at me again. so i threw it out the door and told him i was refusing him service and if he came back i'd call the cops (which was a bit more plausible as this was a bottleshop). fortunately he did leave, swearing all the way, cos even though my boss was pretty cool he could have made some trouble for me if he'd complained. but it was totally worth it. my ex-boyfriend (while we were still together) lived in a house with 2 other people. one guy lived on the other side of the house, and was never there.the room next to my ex's was occupied by a female teacher. she was honestly one of the most messed up people i've ever met, severe alcholic, well into her forties, kept hitting on everyone else who came into the house (most of whom were in their early twenties). the thing that annoyed both of us most, however, was that she and her on-and-off boyfriend kept knocking on our door with stupid questions a few minutes after we started having sex. mostly it was asking if the internet was working for us, but it could be about anything, and although we always told them we were busy, it was still extremely annoying to be interrupted by it. and it wasn't like the house wasn't noisy, in fact, we knew that the teacher could hear us having sex, because she told us she enjoyed hearing it, and that we should cuddle more afterwards, yup, awkward as fuck. one night, we came home. she was already wasted. we are about to go into my ex's room, when the doorbell rings. my ex opens it, and lets in a guy in his early twenties. the guy had come for the teacher, and they went into her room together. i was in a very giddy mood, being both drunk and stoned, and decided i would eavesdrop on them. turned out the guy was a friend of the teacher's boyfriend, and they were talking about how rough the relationship was, because they were in another fight. then, i heard her trying to seduce him, him saying he couldn't do that to his friend, her saying he didn't need to find out, really corny soap-opera stuff. after a while i can hear them as they start making out. i decide this is my chance, i quickly report back to my ex about what has happened, and take a moment to suppress all my giggles. i go back into the hallway and start knocking on her door, calling her name. at first they turned quiet, but she didn't answer. i knock more, telling her it's me and i have something really important to ask her. she says: "what is it?", i ask her if she could come to the door, after a minute she comes. i then proceed to ask her if her internet is working. she says she doesn't know, i ask if she could check, she says not right now, i ask her if she can check later, she says sure, i ask how long that would be, she says she isn't sure. can she give me an indication? maybe 15 minutes. i continue to ask her a few times to please not forget, trying to drag the conversation out as long as possible. when it's over i go back to my ex's room. a few minutes later the guy leaves. i know it's not much, but it gave me an intense feeling of satisfaction. so i've been told that my story should be over here as well. the r/talesfromyourserver community enjoyed it, so hear ya go. i had a table last night that came in at 9:50. our kitchen closes at 10pm, so needless to say none of us were happy about it. so i try and make the best of it and get their order in quick so the guys in the kitchen don't murder me. the table consists of a dad, 2 younger boys and a mom with the "may i speak to a manager" haircut :( anywho, i'm trying to make the best of it. i start taking orders, but everytime somebody tries to order, the mom speaks up and wants them to order "this" instead, and get "that" for a side. ok whatever, theyre your kids. then the husband orders and she does the same thing to him. poor guy. you could just tell this poor bastard hasn't ordered what he actually wants for about 10 years (oldest kid was 10ish) so what did i do? i "messed up" and entered his original order before she corrected it. merry christmas, bro, your wife is a control freak. he got his onion rings he wanted, i got berated but it was worth it just to see the rebel gleam in his eye. **edit** i had somebody ask me what the "may i speak with a manager" haircut looks like, if you don't know now ya know: i work at a small store that sells a variety of different things. we had a lady come in, and after browsing for a few minutes, wanted to see one of our products out of the box. so she grabs one off the shelf and opens it, and in the process rips the packaging. i walk over and attempt to explain it to her, but i get shooed me away. then, apparently satisfied, she takes a new box off the shelf and walks around a bit. i walk over and repackage the one she opened, using a bit of tape to seal the ripped sections. when she went to pay i swapped the new box for the ripped box. she thankfully left unawares. fuck those people. i was ignored by all of the deli clerks this morning buying bologna. they each stared at me for a few minutes like i was an animal in the zoo, and went about their morning rituals. after she saw that i wouldn't leave, the manager waited on me. i asked for a half pound. she sliced off almost three quarters of a lb and asked me if that was alright. i smiled like a big boy and told her "no thanks, i'll just take the half pound" despite the clear "belong's to hip2013, do not use" sign, it kept happening. people are simply too lazy to buy their own so they mooch. i filled an old detergent bottle with bleach. hope you like the color white, bro. edit: i can't believe there's people actually defending the thieves. a couple of days ago me and a friend were walking on a footpath home from school when a middle aged lady(read: ancient hag) nearly ran me over with her model 1905 mercedes, put it in park and started to roll herself out of her car. before me stood what can only be described as the physical manifestation of entitlement and arrogance. i politely told her this was strictly non vehicle area(and i mean politely), to which she replied in a snarky voice "there's no sign!". well mean old lady, there is... i just shrugged an moved on, looking intently at the rock fence on my right side. fuck you old lady, ill fuck you up. eventually i found a rock big enough that she wouldn't be able to move it. and i rolled into the path, blocking her car inside the footpath. your move bitch!not my revenge, but i felt it was worth sharing. i was on the checkouts at work, and an older lady bought six recorders along with her grocery shopping. as i scanned them, she said, "i wasn't invited to christmas dinner, so i bought recorders for all of my grandkids. christmas morning will be fun for them!"so this happened a couple days ago. my 21st birthday was on thursday this past week. but i'm working an internship in florida (i'm from california) and i needed to work early the next morning. so i was just going to buy a 6 pack and go home and have a nice night in. so i go into this liquor store on my birthday and put a 6 pack at the check out counter. the guy asks for my id and i proudly give it to him because hey i don't get a first legal purchase any other day except today. he looks at it and then says some words you never want to here: "i'm sorry. i can't let you purchase this beer." i'm really confused. it's my 21st birthday. i should be able to buy this. i ask him why and he tells me i have to wait until midnight (which would be friday, the day after my birthday). i'm from california and don't know florida drinking laws and so i leave in defeat. later i'm at a bar (who did serve me) and ask them about this situation. they told me this guy was basically just being a dick for some reason and that there's no law that says i can't be served on my 21st birthday. well this got me angry and i came up with a plan. this is where the vengeance comes in. the next day after work, i go to that same liquor store. i put 3 six packs on the counter along with 2 fifths and a handle. he asks for my id again and he approves that i am officially 21 now (somehow that 24 hours made a difference) and starts scanning my items. when he tells me the total, i tell him: "actually, can you take this six pack off. that's a little too much for me." he takes it off and tells me my new total. i do this for every god damn item i put up there. and then i just walk out. no explanation. no reason why. but he knew why. oh he definitely knew why.i live in apartment building with 4 apartments and three assigned parking spaces, one of which is mine. for the past few weeks one of my neighbors has started to park his car blocking mine in. after talking with the landlord i found out that he does not have any spot in the drive way, she said she would either have him move the car or tow it. he moved the car... temporarily. a few days later it was back blocking me in, i called the landlord, he moved it a few hours later. and then again, and again, and again despite knowing it blocked my car and he was not allowed to park there. his blocking me in made my roommate late for her first day of student teaching, me walk in the rain a few times back and forth from campus, and was rude about having to move his car. on thursday he surprisingly wasn't blocking me in and i drove to meet my parents a few miles away. when i got home he was back in the driveway and i parked behind him. on friday i got drunk and lost my keys. i'll be the first to admit that i was a little pleased he was finally the one blocked in knowing the only way he would get out is if everyone besides our two cars were left in the driveway- which never happens. that takes us to this morning when i found a note from him requesting i move my car immediately because he needs to get out. i called to try and talk to him so we could come to the understanding that it was my spot according to our lease and he had to stop blocking me in. he became rude on the phone bitching about how his car has been blocked for 4 days, that he lost his job because of it, and that i have an attitude problem. he then hung up the phone on me and sent me a text telling me to deal with the police... so i did. guess who really doesn't care? the police. and our landlord. and me. get comfy my charming neighbor, i'm not going anywhere. so it was the summer of 2010. me and my buddies had been on a road trip with my car throughout europe (france mainly) and i was dropping the last of my buddies at his house. we still had some supplies left, bags of crisps, candy, soft drinks, some beer, and the best of all: one glorious can of 0.5l grafenwalder 8% beer. this beer is about the cheapest 'heavy' beer you can buy at the lidl. it's also the most awful beer that i have ever tasted (subject opinion varies from person to person). anyway, there was one can left so i asked my buddy if he wanted it. he said no. so of course when he wasn't looking i put it way down in his backpack, we said goodbye and that was it. or so i thought... a few hours later i got a text: ''you dick'' many laughs were had, mainly by me and i again thought the end of it. before i continue, let me give some more background. this buddy of mine was my best friend in highschool, and we both study in different cities. so we don't often see each other. so a month later we meet up at my place and we eat and go partying and all is well. the next morning he leaves and i go about my day, hungover but happy that i saw my mate again. until... my head hit my pillow that evening. underneath my pillow was the same. fucking. can. of grafenwalder. that dick! he just did the same thing to me that i did to him! oh, it's on! it's 2015 now. i just found the same can in my rucksack when i went to see him last weekend. but it's not over. not for a looong time. he will be graduating shortly. i just know the perfect gift... oh and if you're wondering, the can was out-of-date in 2013 no just checked, 2012 even...:) edit: here is the proof! edit: thanks for the gold and for the fun replies! :) i am not good with this website so i will have to look it up what gold means. when i was in fourth grade there was a kid that always picked on me. at one point point he started sneaking into the boys room after me, and he would come up behind me and try to push me over while i was using the urinal. it was annoying, embarassing and sometimes messy. then i began to listen for him to come up behind me. one day, out of the corner of my eye, i saw him sneak up behind me. just as he was ready to give me a shove i turned around and peed all over him. never had problems after that.my manager cleverly tricked me into working every weekend for all of may and june, which we would usually share, as we're the only two staff qualified to close at our store. (it's hard to explain how she tricked me unless i explain our entire rostering system but believe me when i say she did it on purpose and gave me the sassiest "oops, oh well!" when i called her out about it) unfortunately for her, i was approached on friday by a friend of a friend and offered an awesome job closer to my home in an industry i've been trying to get into for ages, so i have a resignation to hand in... usually i'd offer to finish up all my already-rostered shifts as an act of good faith, but in this instance i think i'll hand in my resignation in line with my employment contact, which is 24 hours notice (gotta love casual employment laws where i live!). i think i'll let my manager know just before the first of the 10+ weekend shifts she'll be taking on.quite some years ago my dad had done something to piss me off and i finally decided to take action. my revenge was reversing the position of every second coat hanger on both of his clothing racks so he would never be able to remove more than one hanger at a time. take that!i used to work at a large grocery store chain in canada. if you live up here, you can probably guess it. there's a coffee place in our store, so people are walking around with coffee all the time. it always ticked me off when someone would leave an empty cup in my department. so what i began to do was everytime i saw someone walk into my department with a drink, then leave without one, i knew it was my chance to strike. i'd go down the isle they were just in, find their empty drink, and run out of my department after them. i'd always aproach them as nicely as possible: "excuse me sir/miss! you forgot your drink!" and hand them back their trash. i'd try and have the biggest fake smile when i did it too.my brother was being mean to me. i took one of the rubber stoppers on the bottom of his laptop off and now it wobbles. fear me.