i work as a manager at a small chain of c-stores (30ish locations) i am putting away my main order of the week when a woman comes in asking for a nutrageous bar, i told her with a smile we had some right in front of the store, as i pointed right to a blank spot on the shelf. turns out we had sold out over the weekend, and i had just broken this poor woman's heart and shattered her dreams with false hope. she had been searching relentlessly for weeks and couldn't find one anywhere. i apologized for the bad fortune and said i would order more straight away, the woman sighed, bowed her head and walked out of the store like a dejected puppy. i turned back to the order, opened the tub and right on top was a brand new box of nutrageous bars. i tear open the box and vault over the counter like a bad ass cop sliding over a car hood, sprinting out the door like i had just clocked out. i caught up to her just as she starts to pull away from my store and from happiness, most likely on her way to jump off a bridge, hoping to find a nutrageous bar waiting for her in the next life. she turned and saw me lumbering towards her holding the candy bar like a newborn child i had just delivered into this world, i had never seen someone so happy over a candy, she runs to me like she was a veteran returning home from duty and running towards their children for that first swirling embrace. i tell her to have it on the house, and have a good day. then just now i get a call from my district manager demanding to know if i was the one who gave away a candy bar to a customer for free. "fuck." i think to myself, i do something nice for someone and this goddamn bitch calls my boss to tell on me. so i tell my boss yeah it was me. he tells me that she called and was so happy with our company she would be choosing us for the local volunteer fire fighter appreciation gifts this year. $2,000 in gift cards $25 each for the volunteers. my boss says he is giving me a 10% commission for the gift cards. minus the price of a nutrageous bar. so i work at a pet store, my family owns it. we do boarding, daycare, training, grooming and retail. i had a regular come in a few months back he wasn't doing to well financial since becoming disabled. he brought in his dog for grooming and i noticed he had large amount of fleas, i called and informed him. i let him know that i would give his other dog a flea bath for cheap so he could take care of it. once he got there he tried to pay with a care credit card that the state had given him. unfortunately, we don't take that card. so he gave me his card information so i could charge him when he got paid. i sent with him with some flea and tick topical we sell over the counter. well the day came for me to run his card, he called me to remind me. i thanked him, got off the phone and didn't charge him. today he called realizing he hadn't been charged, i told him i didn't plan on charging him and was happy to be able to help. he couldn't talk for a bit, trying to compose himself. i got off the phone knowing i had made someone's day better. i know how hard it can be living on disability, my mom is on it. sometimes even the littlest of things can help.a mother just came into my (very small) retail store with her three preteen kids. normally this spells disaster. however, these kids each had a couple of $20's and thoughtfully looked through the items in the store before selecting something, bringing it up to the register, buying it with the money from their pockets, and being extremely polite. as they left the register, the mom told the kids, "make sure you save your receipts so we can budget tonight." one of the kids replied, "i always keep my receipts" in the most polite way possible. good on that mom for teaching her kids the value of money and financial planning. just wanted to share because unlike most of the dross that comes through, they made my day genuinely better!afternoon, r/tfr. long time lurker, first time poster, you know the drill, right? this is the most exciting tfr story i've got. this was back in... i want to say 2005? before the proliferation of smartphones, etc. it's about the time i worked at a gas station/convenience store for one whole day and ended up as a manager and a district manager's worst nightmare. i'd taken the job not two days before and was told to show up at seven am on a monday for training. no big deal, right? the manager (tm) certainly seemed stable enough at the time, but i suppose that's what they say about all the crazies. so. i show up at 7am, bright eyed and bushy tailed and ready to get to work. i'm immediately introduced to the young lady (yl) who's been tasked with training me by tm. tm spends the first twenty minutes of my shift not training me, but ranting and rambling about how she just worked a double graveyard and how she's bushed, and how this place just sucks her dry... you get the idea. then she reiterates that yl's going to be with me all day, training me step by step, and is then gone in a puff of smoke. gone home to get some much-deserved sleep. leaves her home number on a scrap of paper behind the counter "in case of emergencies only." sensible enough. so we get down to business. yl's shocked that i'm already somewhat register- and computer-literate, and so takes the opportunity to abandon me in the backroom doing a few hours of computer training that i gather is supposed to encompass the entirety of my day. when i finish my computer training, i step out into the main store area to be relieved of duty. yl instead informs me that we're now going to do some hands-on training. ...weird... but fine... i guess... i mean, i'm not going to scoff at a few extra hours on my paycheck, so whatever. let's do some hands on work. the hands-on work goes on for about an hour and a half (bringing my day to about four and a half hours at this point?), until yl pulls me aside and announces, with a beaming shit-eating grin on her face, &gt;yl: you know what? i think, yeah. i think fuck this place. &gt;cib: fuck this place? &gt;yl: yeah, man, fuck it. it's bullshit anyway. fuck everything. i quit. &gt;cib: like in two weeks? &gt;yl: like, i mean, like now. &gt;cib: ...what? with that, she tears off her smock, lights a cigarette, and walks out of the joint, leaving me to mind the store alone. i don't know how to do cash drops, i don't know how to do most of this shit. i've been here for *four hours tops.* you must be kidding me. yl locks the door to the back room, shoves the key underneath the door, and is gone forever. so, like the nice young man i am, i call tm's emergency number. the phone rings and rings and rings for maybe two minutes straight before she finally answers, mid-snore, with a befuddled &gt;tm: ...whuzzah? i promptly explain the situation to her and tell her that i need help. she tells me to hold tight, and that she's going to call her assistant manager (am) to come and help. you know where this is going. am never comes. i'm waiting for another two hours, and am never shows up. i call tm back. same deal. two minutes of continuous ringing. she promises something else. hangs up on me. we go through this process four more times over the course of two more hours, when the next person on-shift is due to show up anyway. he never shows. naturally. so i call tm until she finally just *takes her phone off the hook so i can't call her anymore.* this is the part of the story where i start to freak out. i have no other numbers. i know no one else who works here. i am alone. no way to clock out, no way to hide, no way to lock the doors, nothing. just work. only work. forever and ever and ever and ever. i can see that this is how i die, i'm sure of it. i'm in a really shitty, boring version of *final destination.* at this point, i feel the need to call out the dudes who ran the tattoo shop across the street. they'd been coming in for cokes and energy drinks and such throughout the day, and had taken a keen interest in my well-being. they were pretty "up" on the situation, and kept me reasonably calm throughout the day, they noticed that i was starting to freak out. asked me what the situation was. i explained. just like that, these badasses jump into action: they bring me their phonebook with all the numbers of the other stores in the area circled, and they go to the local taco cart and get me a plate of tacos and a coke "to keep my strength up." i'm not into dudes, but i considered asking these guys to marry me then and there. fueled by tacos and sheer, unadulterated panic, i start making calls. other stores are shocked by what's happened, but don't have anyone to spare. they've got no one. but. one of them gives me the district manager's (dm) home number. bingo. i explained the situation to him, and listened as he went from perfectly congenial to absolutely terrified. he tells me &gt;dm: i'm coming down there to personally relieve you from your shift... but then he says the perfect combination of words to set me off: &gt;dm: ...but i'm going to need about an hour and a half. is that okay? welcome to my breaking point. i begin to shout and shout and shout. &gt;cib: no, that is *not alright.* tell you what, dm - either you get down here in half an hour, or i am going to open the cash registers, the safe, turn the gas pumps on unlimited run and **go home.** is that what you want?? free gas and free money for everyone who comes into the store until there's no more money! **is that what you want?!** &gt;dm: ...i'll be there in twenty minutes. i now see what has happened: i have officially been taken hostage by this store, and have taken it hostage in return. i am now the crazy person in the situation. i'm the movie bad guy. i'm the one making demands. but you know what? he got there in fifteen minutes flat. and you know what? he was very nice, all said and told. he apologized profusely, even helped me *actually kick in* the locked backroom door so i could clock out all proper-like. it's 10:30pm. finally. but then tm, in her pajamas, eyes bloodshot and wild, murderous and back from the dead like the last bad guy in *die hard*, comes storming into the store, screaming at dm, who had apparently gotten her to answer her phone during his trip over: &gt;tm: dm, how *fucking dare* you tell me how to run *my store*, i swear to *fuck* you've been telling me what to do for *too long now* and i am telling you for the last time-- dm turns to me as tm is shrieking, and he says something that makes me start laughing like a psychotic. &gt;dm: go home, cib. i've got this. shit, you don't have to tell me twice, amigo. i'm gone. when i get to the door, finally, he calls after me and says: &gt;dm: i really hope this doesn't affect your future with the company. i never went back. edit: holy shit, my very first gold! thanks, anonymous internet patron! i'm sincerely glad i could provide some laughs through my suffering. you beautiful bastard, whoever you are. edit2: hot damn, you guys sure know how to make a dude feel loved. didn't expect this to take off. thanks for the kind words, all (well, most). i love this subreddit. you're all champions.i was working drive thru and this man pulls up to the second window for me to give him his food. he has the cutest little baby boy in the back seat, so of course, after the greetings and handing off the food, i said hi to the baby. he had been staring intently at me and when i said hi, he immediately starts laughing and waving. he was just the cutest thing! his dad turned around and looked at him and said, "son, you're too young to be flirting. stop it." me: d'aww, honey, i'm sorry, but i have a boyfriend. if you were like 15 years older, you could fight him for me, but right now i think he'd crush you. and so we shared a laugh, he left, and i continued on with my work. about an hour later, they return! the dad: oh, he insisted on coming back to see you! *turns around and says to his son* now remember, no more flirting because she has a boyfriend. the baby just laughed and waved his chubby little arms around. it was a good day. edit: to clarify, they returned for more food. edit 2: the first time they came through was for a smoothie, the second time was for another smoothie, a cheeseburger, and some fries. i don't think they expected me again, but that's what they got, so the father tried to make it into a joke. i thought it was a cute story and decided to share. \^w^ edit 3: oh wow. post became very popular. even the boyfriend found it. thanks guys~ edit: oh wow. reddit gold? thank you kind stranger. *tacklehugs*i worked as a bagger at a small, family owned grocery store while i was in high school. one day a man came through the checkout with a full cart of groceries. &gt;me: "paper or plastic?" &gt;customer: “i’d like double bagged paper and i’d like you to make each bag as heavy as you can.” &gt;me: "sure thing!" a bit of a strange request, sure, but anything that broke up the monotony of the day was welcomed. i managed to load his entire cart into three fairly heavy bags and bring them out to his car. &gt;customer: "in case you're wondering - i just had a fight with the wife and it's my turn to pick up the groceries." &gt;me: "uh-huh." &gt;customer: "it's also her turn to unload the car."so, way back in college, i worked a summer job flying a register for a grocery store. this chain had a policy with your loyalty card; if there was an x-number on the back, you could cash checks at our stores and cashiers could use that number as an id on checks for buying groceries. if it had a y-number, then it was just a card that someone had and had almost no information on file. it's my last shift before i go back to school. i'm standing at this register, counting down the last half hour when this woman rolls up with a big cart full of stuff. i get started, beep beep beep, and give her the total. she hands me a check with a y-number written on it. i ask to see her card, thinking maybe she's just written it wrong. nope, it's a y-number. me: ma'am, do you have your drivers' license with you? her: no, i don't have it. me: okay, well, i can't take this check. her: it's got a y-number on it. me: i know, i can't take the check if it has a y-number, only if it has an x-number. her: every other cashier always has. me: they shouldn't have. i'd lose my job if i took this. (that was my go-to answer to someone trying to pull this crap on me.) her: (starts screaming) then you can go put all this back yourself or you can take my damn check. now, i'm twenty minutes from being done here. the managers love me, they think i'm funny, they're actually not happy i'm leaving. so, i figure, well, let's just have some fun with this. so, i whip off my vest, throw it on the floor and scream back. me: don't talk to me like that, i quit! i storm off to the office, take a seat and one of the managers looks at me, confused. i ask him to go out and talk to the woman at register 2, who's still standing there with her mouth hanging open. he came back a few minutes later smiling. me: how'd that go? manager: well, i told her you were right, and that she had just cost my best cashier. i'm a cart pusher and i don't deal with tons of customers. i did have a woman flip out and call me an idiot, but honestly i feel this was worse. i saw these two girls, probably 17-19 years old, putting their cart up on the curb instead of a corral. i went over and said i would take it. what does one of them do? she shoves the cart so it rolls full speed, and i have to run after it while they stand there, watching me, laughing at me. one of them said "haha you really did that!!" to the one who shoved the cart. i was embarrassed and felt hurt by this. it ruined my night, that they decided to just make a joke out of me and my job. i am trying to feel better about it, thinking they are super immature, but this still was hurtful. :( edit: thank you all so much for making me feel better about this guys. :) also got my first gold. my night has got a lot better thanks to you. it means a lot to me. edit 2: this is crazy, 4x gold! i am overwhelmed by the reaction you guys have given me for this. thank you so much. i have to go to work again but i will continue responding to messages when i get home. :)  i was working a late shift, and it was rather quiet. i had only been working at the store for only 5 months or so. a man came through my line, and he was about 6 foot tall covered in tattoos, and not the nicely made tattoos you see from a good tattoo shop i mean the kind that looks like he had them done in the cellar of a seedy biker bar type. he was heavy built, and wore a leather biker vest. he did not seem the type to feel guilty about shanking you on the street. he bought a few items, but had beer. i of course id him, and he shows it to me, and i total everything. he pulls out a check book, and writes a check. the check had a basket of kittens on it, and this seemed like one of those facebook posts of bikers look mean, but have a heart of gold type things. well i look at the check his name is nowhere on the check. it has a girls name on it, and i tell him that i could not accept it because it is not his check, and does not have his name. he claims the girl is with him, and he would go get her real quick. he leaves, and left the check on the counter. as soon as he is out of sight i call for a manager, and they take the check, and what i did not know was that about half an hour before an amber alert was released, and being the fact this was about 11 years ago very few people had sms alerts for things like this, and only because our company is a certified safe place we receive faxes which had amber alerts, and such. the manager recognized the name, and contacted police. minutes later we had a few cops show up, and they asked me what the guy looked like, and everything said. they even finger printed the stuff the guy was buying. security gave them the footage of the guy, and were lucky to get the guys plate number. a few minutes later all the cops left, and i mean in a hurry. apparently the guy was spotted, and pulled over they found the girl tied up in the back of the suv he was driving, and luckily she was not hurt. she was kidnapped from where she worked after school, and her co-worker called the cops when he got back from his break to find the place a mess, and her missing. the whole thing occured within an hour, and half time. she was taken to a local hospital where she was kept just in case over night. the man was of course arrested.obligatory cell phone format apology here. so i work in a store where we use short range radios with headsets to communicate with each other. it's a huge help to us and helps us be more efficient. earlier today my boss sends me next door to the grocery store to buy donuts for the crew. while i'm waiting in line a young boy (maybe 7-8) is shooting daggers at me. i'm wearing my sunglasses inside with my earpiece still in as well. as i'm leaving he yells to grab my attention. here's the convo we had: little kid (lc): hey! me: uhh, yeah? lc: whats that for? (pointing to my ear piece) by now i know where this is going me: (i cross my arms) i use it for work lc: come here, i have another question. mom looks at me with an eye roll because her kid is eccentric and that seems to annoy her. not me, weird kids always give me a laugh. i bend down to his level to hear then he whispers: lc: do you work for the government? me: (i put my finger over my ear piece) eagle this is condor! cover blown! i repeat eagle, our cover us blown! then i take me and my donuts and run out of the store as fast as possible while the mom is dying of laughter and the kids jaw is on the ground because he just met a secret agent. highlight of my day edit: i did not use my secret agent authority to commandeer those donuts. he grabbed my attention after i paid and was getting ready to walk out.so let me first off explaining about how my store manager looks to most people he is 6'3" so he is tall, and seems very intimidating, but different from his looks he is actually a very nice guy, and this was how i learned what kind of guy he was. i had only been working for about 7 months at the store, and this woman walked in with two little kids. one was about 2 years, and the other was 5 years ago. there mother looked scared, her hair was a mess, and looked like she had no sleep in days she looked rough. well she walks up to me, and asked to see the store manager so i call for him. i was working check out that day so it was pretty slow compared to others so i had breathers between the customers, and i over heard the woman talking to him. she escaped her husband who was abusive, and lived in the neighboring town she had gotten an apartment with the help of a friend of hers, but she had nothing to eat, and she asked him for help. the store manager told her to go fill a buggy with food, and to come to my line when she was done, and told her to get herself, and her children some hot food from the deli also. so she left, and about half an hour later she came to my line, and i called him back he showed up, and told me to ring it up like normal, and then he pulled out his wallet, and paid for the womans cart. then he asked me to come to his office, and asked her to wait there. he said he wanted me to help take things to her car, and to give her a paper he was writing on. so he handed me the paper, and i walked her to her car. then handed her the paper he had given me to hand her. she started crying, and i asked her if she was ok she handed me the paper. it basically was a note telling her he was sorry for her position, and if she needed a job to help her to get by that she could show up in a couple of days, and told her if she needed child care he had his number on there to call him, and he would help set it up for her. needless to say she showed up, and she is a very nice person who still works at our store. this is one of the many reasons why i love the store i work at, and i believe i have the best store manager in the world.some of you may recognize this story, since i posted it before elsewhere, but again this is the perfect sub for it. and it's a happy story. we all like happy stories. this story starts long ago in the dim ages, when bear and bison swarmed the forest and the prairie. or about 2004, which ever you prefer. i was working at a sporting goods/automotive store at the time, at the customer service counter. a father and his son, who appeared to be about 11, came in and asked where the camping equipment was. i pointed them towards the two areas that held our camping merch, and was about to go about doing something else boring when the boy piped up, "i'm going on my first boy scout campout!" now, if you've read my other stories, you'll know that i'm an eagle scout. i take this position very seriously, and will do everything in my power to encourage and help young scouts on their trail to eagle. so i looked over at my boss, a nice lady who hired me because of my outdoor experience in scouting, and asked if i could go help these people personally. she smiled and said yes. the father was completely out of his element with camping gear. by his attitude and behavior i would guess that he had never gotten further out of the city limits than a highway in his life. everything in the aisle perplexed him, but thankfully his son's troop had given them a list of what equipment they'd need. so for about 20 minutes or so i went through the list with them, point by point, explaining what each thing was, what it did, what version to use, and how kybo tape is the scout term for toilet paper. that got quite a bit of laughter. during this time i also talked with the kid. he was very new to scouting, only having joined a couple months prior. he was enthusiastic about getting to go out into the wilderness and camp and make campfires and fish and all the other activities he'd heard about. i talked about my experiences in scouting, which was all of what he was talking about and so much more. climbing mt hood, going to national jamboree, touring military bases, rafting down the deschutes, the kid was very impressed. i kept telling him, "this is only the start, you have no idea how awesome it can get." so we finally have a cart filled with a small tent, sleeping bag, cooking equipment, small first aid kit, beginner backpack, rope (you and yer fuckin' rope), shovel, water bottle, etc etc etc. quite a haul, but i'd done my best to get everything that the kid would need while still keeping things cheap. well, cheap-ish. the total was something like a bit over $200. now, they say that a picture is worth a thousand words, but if i could have taken a picture of the dad's face when the total came up, it would be worth a much longer essay. it was a shock/fear/resignation combination that said, "damn, i didn't expect it to be this much. but he's so excited, i can't tell him no, it would break his heart. maybe if i just eat ramen for the next couple weeks, i can afford this." as dad reached reluctantly for his wallet, i flashed him a smile, looked at my boss, and knocked 20% off the total. "a scout is helpful and kind," i quoted. the father thanked me profusely, as did the son. they left with a spring in their step and smiles on their faces. my boss said, "that was very nice, but don't ever do that again." i replied, "but boss, you do realized that, from now on, they are going to be in here on a regular basis to buy camping equipment, right? i know that kid's look, he's just like me at that age, and he's going to be spending a lot of dad's money here." she laughed, agreed, and the deed was put out of my mind as other customers approached. but the story isn't done yet, dear reader! for about a week later, look who comes running through the door, but our little first-time camper, with dad trailing along. this kid very specifically wanted to see me, because he had pictures and he wanted to show them to me. awwww, sweet! sure, let's take a look...hey, i know this camp! i know exactly where you were! so we talked about being at that camp, and taking the hike down the hill to the old camp location, and how the fishing in the lake is, and the deer that just don't care that you are around, and how the chow hall seems to be made mostly of sieves given how drafty it is. we had a brag board up for the hunters who had trophy hunts, so i pinned a couple of the better pictures to the board. this kid beamed with pride, then ran off to use the bathroom. this is when dad chimed in, and thanked me for a much more personal reason. he and the kid's mom had gone through a fairly nasty divorce, and she had majority custody. scouting events were one of the few ways that dad could spend extended quality time with his son, and this camping trip had been very good for the both of them. he got a little choked up about it, as did i. i simply told him, "this is what scouting is all about. 'help other people at all times.' this is just the tip of the iceberg." over the next year+, they became regulars of the store. i knew which troop they were with, a large and active one, so they were pretty consistently in need of various consumable camping supplies. more pictures got posted to the brag board. his first summer camp saw him earn four merit badges and the mile swim badge. i started to volunteer with his troop as a merit badge counselor, and had a great time. however, real life gets in the way. school, and a couple of new jobs meant i couldn't devote the time i needed to to help his troop out. we basically drifted apart, and the other things going on in my life made me forget about him and his dad. until late in 2010. i get a phone call out of the blue. the voice on the other end is deeper, self confident. "is osiris32 there?" "yeah, that's me, who is this?" it's that young scout from the store, calling me up to invite me to his eagle court of honor. i stood there in my kitchen in mute shock. all those memories of helping him out came flooding back. "you better believe i'll be there. i'll even try to fit into my old uniform." and so i did. though i eschewed the shorts and went for pants. this young boy, now turned into a young man, stood tall and proud as they pinned the eagle medal to his shirt, recited the eagle charge, and gave a short speech thanking people who'd made a difference in his life. he looked right at me as he gave the speech, pointed me out, and said, "this guy right here, he was the first adult to encourage me. his example as an eagle was what i followed. i cannot thank him enough." tears flowed. following the ceremony, i found his dad. scouting had made both of them better people. he'd decided that being bitter towards his kid's mom wasn't what a scout leader (oh yeah, he was now an assistant scoutmaster, the bug bites very hard) should be doing. this had allowed their divorce to become more amicable, and they had successfully renegotiated custody some time earlier. he was a happier man, and was so proud of his son i was pretty sure his chest was going to burst. his son, now tall, strong, confident, and an obvious leader, was destined to go places. he would be graduating high school the next spring, and was looking at getting into college for a degree in psychology with a minor in criminal justice. he wanted to live his oath and law by being a police officer. my own chest felt like it was going to burst at this point. i still keep in touch with him. he's now coming up on his 21st birthday, and is readying applications for various police departments around town. i've already told him that i'd gladly be his reference, because he's one of the guys we all want to become a cop, someone with a strong and steadfast sense of duty, honor, integrity, generosity, and kindness of spirit. he'll make a damn fine officer, and i can say that a little part of that, just a little part, is because of my willingness to help him choose tents one day several years ago. tl;dr - just read it, it'll do your soul some good.(this happened yesterday, while the story linked happened a few months ago.) my husband and i are done shopping at the local grocery store. we are next in line at the self-checkouts. there are only two self-checkouts open at the time, and both have customers who have just started their transactions. we have maybe 15 items or so. we hear a voice from behind us. &gt;woman: do you mind if i go in front of you? i only have 2 things. we aren't in a hurry so i turn, fully prepared to say "sure! go ahead!" when i recognize the woman. it's the customer from [this story]( so instead i smile and ask: &gt;me: have you ever worked in a customer service position? &gt;her: yes? &gt;me: did you ever have a customer who acted so appallingly that it stuck in your memory? &gt;her: yes... &gt;me: you were the woman at [my store] who dropped something and instead of picking it up yourself or asking for assistance, went - *[snap snap point]* - at me. so how bout you wait your turn. she started to say something back, but at this point my husband started laughing pretty hard (he said afterwards it was mostly in shock since i don't usually stand up for myself much) and she just pursed her lips and stood there. it was an awkward couple of minutes waiting after that.i work at an ice cream shop, and when children come in with their parents, i sometimes like to playfully ask the kids if they wanted to pay instead of the parents. it gets the kids talking (if they're not too shy!) and it makes the parents chuckle. today, i asked a little girl in a dress if she was going to pay, and she said, "i can't, because i don't have any money or a credit card!" mom laughed, and then part way through the transaction, she decided to buy a $10 gift card. she gave it to her daughter to use as a credit card and told her to keep it safe. :) next time she comes in, she can definitely pay! i thought that was the sweetest thing, and the mom is a regular customer. it made me very happy today during a frustrating shift. a lovely little tale of how i went shopping and managed to get fired. let's give you some context to help you out though. my brother and i are half chinese, 3 years apart, and i'm 5"11 and he's just under 6"2. we have different fathers - so it's always weird to hear "wow you guys look the same!" when we really don't. he has a fair few more pounds on me too. ---------------- so i've a day off and i'm going to meet my friends. i've got 20 minutes to kill and i'm mulling over whether or not i'm going to grab a new graphics card for my computer. my brother gets discounts which i've never used but i figured if there was something worthwhile i will get it on his discount. so i go into the shop and i'm staring at graphics cards comparing one to another. i'm stood there for a good 5 minutes before someone then comes up to me and just stares at me. "what's up?" i end up asking, tentatively, as it's obvious they want my attention. i notice she's got a nametag and like me she's wearing a plain black t-shirt. however she doesn't have a problem with my t-shirt. "why are you wearing jeans?" obviously i'm bewildered but she just goes on. "you know what the policy is here" so i can't help but laugh. i figure she's having a laugh with me and that it's an interesting way to try and close a sale. electronics shop with a dress code. hilarious. this however isn't the desired response as the mood flips completely. she's shaking. shaking with rage at the fact i'm just giggling in her face like a girl. "get into the office. right now!" she tries to lead me by the arm, like i'm a naughty schoolchild, and she was even more enraged by the fact i withdrew my hand from her. disregarding my confused expression and comment of "what the fuck?" she runs off. in under a minute she's brought back a heavy set bloke who looks pretty unhappy with the fact he's been brought out. unlike everyone else, who i notice is wearing a black t-shirt and black trousers, he's in casual clothes. he's the boss. he's now getting increasingly unhappy as she fills in the encounter with stories of my incompetence and of the recent "struggle". so i cut in, i argue about how this is an understanding, and i get told to "zip it". that expression was genuinely used. i was then berated while i try to cut in to explain the situation. i'm also now running out of time so i then try to call my brother so he can get his ass here and sort it all out. however he then has the nerve to take my phone off me, and then really lay into me about having my phone on the sales floor. he tries to then take me to the back office - as we've got a crowd growing but i shrug them off. i'm swearing, he's swearing, and then it comes. i'm fired. you're not him? bullshit! he then grabs me and starts dragging me to the door and i'm flailing around trying to stay on my feet, kicking boxes and shelves, and finally we're at the door. to which i'm pushed out of. he's then stood blocking the doorway, aghast with how i acted, stating how appalled he is. my phone starts ringing and i see it's my brother - he had a dropped call from me. i answer and immediately tell him to run back to work. he's on his lunch break 2 minutes away and i then decide to take it further. i tell his boss to get fucked. i swear. i make a scene. we're on the street and people are stopping to watch the theater unfold before them. he's calling the police, there's vile things said and gestured, and then my brother turns up. his look is golden but what i'm enjoying much more is the look of his boss. the look of his supervisor. god how i loved the look on her face as while the manager was going on in heaves she had such a smug look. so i pulled the race card, as well as a half chinese guy can anyway, and apologies were so forthcoming and suddenly they weren't barring the door. they were trying to bring us both in. if this was the u.s we might have been able to make a bigger deal of this. but a typical english town? not so much. but i went to listen to the apologies just to fob them off. on the upside i got a free gtx 770 (wouldn't give me anything better but hey). wish i was able to put this more eloquently but hey.working at a children's clothing store usually means dealing with a load of screaming kids, annoyed parents, and a hell of a lot of clothes to constantly clean up. it's exhausting, especially as a job to just get me through college, but it has it's perks. cut to today. an older woman and a little boy came into my store today. she approached me and asked me to help her pick out jeans for her grandson. she seemed to need a lot of help with understanding the sizes of the jeans and how they're supposed to fit. she then explained to me that the little boy's parents had passed away a few weeks ago, and she became his legal guardian, along with his two older sisters. i now understood why she was having so much trouble with picking out clothing. my heart broke for this woman and her grandchildren, but she was doing the best she could and that was very inspiring. long story short, i gave the woman every coupon we could possibly give; she got almost ten pairs of jeans half-off. as the pair were leaving, i heard a small voice behind me: "excuse me, ma'am?" the little boy was staring up at me. i smiled and asked him what he needed help with. "i just wanted to thank you for helping me today. my grandma is usually really stressed when we go shopping. thank you for helping her. thank you so much." that makes this job worth it. edit: thanks for the gold, friendly anonymous user!!!first time lurker, long time poster. on desktop so be unforgiving about the formatting :p so i'm a full time assistant manager wage slave at one particular branch of the company i work at, but very, very occasionally i have to do a shift at another store. usually in the morning because i'm training people, but today i got the late afternoon shift over there just to make things easier. my normal branch is entirely carpeted, but this branch i'm covering in is mostly carpet with a strip of lino (maybe 5m wide and the length of the wall, maybe 10m) along the back wall. every couple of days that area gets mopped, usually just after the store closes to prevent accidents. now today, i was doing training and kinda helping to cover as well. myself and the coworker i'm on with are both scheduled to finish at closing time, so things need to be done before we close, including mopping that section. now, this branch has a customer that is constantly trying to cause trouble for the staff (don't they all, really? :p). i haven't yet met this woman but the ladies at this branch have warned me ahead of time what she's like. i promise all this backstory is relevant :) ok, so it's getting close to the end of the day, there are a couple of people around that i'm helping, when my coworker gets my attention and discreetly points out to me the woman they warned me about. she's looking around, eyes darting, just generally looking a bit shifty. i tell my coworker to stay at the counters and i'm going to go down the back and mop so i can keep an eye on her. she's wandering aimlessly around the store, i pull out mop and bucket and wet floor sign and get to it, all while watching her like a hawk. she doesn't do anything out of the ordinary until she notices me mopping. she makes a beeline for the table next to the lino that's a little further down from where i am. i notice she keeps looking at me out of the corner of her eye, keeps fiddling with the table, keeps looking at me. i have a feeling i know what's going to happen, so i take a step back and turn to the side so i'm not facing her. what i am facing is a mirror that has a perfect view of this woman without her knowing i can see her. i watch as she lays down on the lino, then starts yelling "my arm! oh my god, my arm! it's broken!" i whip around and come running over to her, feigning shock and concern and asking what happened. &gt; c: "i fell and broke my arm! oh my god, how could you let this happen? i'll sue you! what's your name? i'm going to sue you and this company right out of business!" i pull out my phone and tell her i'm calling an ambulance. what i actually do is call my area manager (am), a woman i have a brilliant working relationship with, we're on the same wavelength :) &gt; me: "hello? yes, i need an ambulance!" &gt; am: "what's wrong? has something happened?" &gt; me: "i have a lady here who has fallen over." &gt; c (in the background): "damn right i've fallen over! this is all your fault!" &gt; am: "is it that woman?" &gt; me: "yes, she thinks her arm might be broken." &gt; am: "do you need me to play along?" &gt; me: "yes please." &gt; am: "how does she think she fell?" &gt; me: "not sure, let me check." (i speak to the customer) "the dispatcher would like to know if you're feeling dizzy at all? disorientated? have you taken anything, perhaps had something to drink?" &gt; c: "fuck you! i fell on your fucking wet floor because you were mopping and i slipped!" &gt; me: "i haven't mopped this section yet, the floor here is completely dry." and wouldn't you know it? her arm completely healed in a matter of seconds! she didn't say another word and began to stand up to leave. i stood up with her and put on my deadly-serious-i-am-furious-do-not-mess-with-me-do-you-understand voice. &gt; me: "i would like to make something very clear. you are no longer welcome in this store, or in fact any of our stores. i saw you lie down on the floor. how dare you try and pull a stunt like that? if i see you here again, i will call the police. get out, and don't come back." she bolted. &gt; am (still on the phone): "damn, you're scary when you're angry." **tl:dr woman tries to claim she slipped on the wet floor that wasn't wet, i shut her down and kicked her out. booyeah!**so i work in fairly expensive ice cream shop and i've only recently had this job. we're open from 11 am to 11 pm and one day two weeks ago i had a shift that started right at 11. so i show up in my uniform ten minutes until and outside the door is a mom and her three young daughters patiently waiting for our store to open so they can get a treat. i don't have access to a key and the doors are locked. i peered inside and my manager is focused on the register. i knock on the door to get his attention so he can let me in so i can get prepared for my shift and when i do that one of the little girls looks up at me with a frown and says, &gt;you need to wait. it caught me completely off guard and i manage to say "but i work here and don't have the key to get in." mom bursts out laughing. it was all good my manager lets me in and a few minutes later we open and the family gets their ice cream. i just thought it was funny and kind of sweet that the girl told me off for potentially being a rude and impatient customer.two stories in two days? yep! i worked at national sandwich chain for two years and in that time, i saw some crazy crap going down. not everything was bad, however. as weird and bizarre as my town is, there are some good people that live here. one afternoon as i was starting my shift at national sandwich store, a dad and his son came in to get a sandwich. this kid was maybe 5 years old and as cute as could be. he had been saving up his money to get one of our kid's meals and he was so excited to get to pick out everything he wanted on his sandwich. he added a cookie and a chocolate milk to complete the order and everything got put into one of the new, awesome lion king bags we had. (i totally got one for myself!) when we got to the register, he pulled out his spider man wallet and pulled out the money he needed. it was all bunched up and wadded, but he carefully placed it on the counter and then looked at me. i have adults that hand me wads of cash, so it's nothing new to reach across the counter and smooth it all out before i end the transaction. however, as i started to reach for it, his dad stopped me. &gt;dad: "no, son. this won't do." &gt;son: "what did i do, dad?" &gt;dad: "well, it's rude to just throw your money in a ball at the cashier. you need to be polite and take the time to straighten out each bill and then hand it to her so she can get you the right amount of change." the dad took the bills, straightened them out and handed them back to the little boy to try again. &gt;dad: "this is the right way to give the cashier your money. they'll always appreciate you for it." little boy was so excited when i took the money from him and gave him back his change and his lunch bag. he shouted thank you and took his dad's hand to be on his way. thank you to that dad for teaching his son that retail workers are people too.so i currently work at a gas station, our usual customers being from the neighborhood down the street. i also live in the same community, so most of our customers are neighbors, recognize me from around the area, have mutual friends, etc. quite an ideal retail job for me. as a result, i am happier, way more personable, and i love love love 97% of the people i see everyday. first name basis, the whole 9 yards. anyhow, two days ago, i get this.. creature.. who is just a nightmare. i should have seen the signs, since the only rude people i get are not from around here, or unfortunately stereotypically, rich old entitled white women. this lady spewed vileness from her veins, i swear. i felt the disturbance in the force. and i had good reason. she decided to purchase two twelve-pack cases of soda, from two separate exceptionally popular companies. if you purchase two from the same company, you receive a discount of what totals to a few dollars. it's stated as such on the signage for both displays. she grabs these two cases, as well as a bottle of cheap wine, and is unresponsive to the whole transaction. after she pays, she notices that the computer didn't take the money off for the discounted price. "oh, great, you didn't discount me, the sign states blah blah blah.." "oh, it had to be two cases from the same company, if you want to change i can-" "are we done here?" "sorry, wha-" "are we done here? are we done here? are we done here?" "uh. sure?" she starts to turn, but quite a line has amassed by this point. most are regulars. next in line is ~~my hero~~ regular customer who is kinda tall, lots of tattoos, fairly intimidating to some i'm sure, but always friendly to me. i just wanted this bitch gone, but what was next made my day. i don't remember exactly how he put it but it made my day. "you shouldn't be so rude to people when they're explaining why you're wrong." "it's none of your business-" "well if you read the signs rather than being rude it'd be your business!" "it's none of your-" "are we done here? are we done here? are we done here!?" i love my regulars.alright, so for some background i work in a deli at a grocery store. on saturday i was closing in the hot deli. we close at 7 p.m. and around 7:05 i see a man come up to the counter. he looked in the case and saw that nothing was there. he looked at me and then looked at the sign that had our hours posted. i thought for a second that he would ask if i could still get him something. or ask if we were still open. nope. not a word was said. he just walked away. yeah, he might have been down because we weren't open. but i would've happily gave him something if he asked. but he didn't. and that, my friends, is the short tale of the one customer that knew closed meant closed.i'm in the confectionery aisle, knelt on the floor and filling the bottom shelves, totally in the zone. because it was a larger than expected truckload, i had to get it all stocked as fast as possible so i could move to another aisle. i absently hear a small "hi" as i'm stocking, but i think nothing of it, continuing to stock. then the "hi"s get louder. i look up, and come face to face with a toddler, probably not even 3 years old yet. biggest smile on his face, gorgeous blue eyes, and i see his dad at the end of the aisle, looking our way. i'm the only one in the aisle at this time of day, and the dad didn't need anything in this aisle. the kid had spotted me and made an instant beeline straight to me, all to say hi to me. so i said hi back, and smiled back at him. it was awesome to have a cute little kid come all the way down an aisle just to say hello, and he was so sweet, but then he threw himself on me and hugged me. i was shocked. i can only rarely get a hug from my near 4 year old nephew, and he pouts because i ask him for one. but here i am at work, tired and sore, and this boy is hugging me with all he has. i sort of aww'd and gave him a return hug, then he smiled, said bye, and went back to his dad. little dude, you made my whole month with that gesture. &lt;3 thank you. **edit: wow, this really blew up whilst i was asleep! i'm very glad you all enjoyed this so much. i know how much i enjoy the rare positive story here, honestly, they make my day sometimes after a bad shift, so i thought i'd share mine.**about an hour after the store opens, a family are the first customers in the store. the family is multi-cultural, parents are caucasian while the kids looks local (filipino). mom and very young daughter go over to the little plushie section of the store, while dad and pre-teen son looks at ps4 games. so son, looks at the new watch_dogs game and comes over to the dad. "uhm sir, can i, uhm, buy this?" dad looks over and said: "you can call me dad, daniel." "but, sir--" the young daughter comes over hugging a pokemon plushie. "daddy, daddy, can i have this, please?" "of course, sweetie. why don't you go over to your mommy so she help you pay for it." "okay, daddy!" mom and daughter pay for the things, while the dad looks back at his son. "look, daniel. i know it's a big change for you, but it's alright. you can call me whatever you like, until you're ready, okay?" "yes, sir." "now, what did you want to buy?" dad and son pick up a couple of games and after they bought something, the kid looks kinda depressed. "what's the matter, son? did you want something else?" "i'm sorry, sir." "why?" "the games are too expensive, i'm sorry." "non-sense, it's your birthday, right? you deserve it. you've been a good kid taking care of your sister." kids looks over to mom and sister, then to dad, with the biggest smile. "thank you, sir, uhm, dad." the dad had a shit eating grin all the way to the parking lot. a couple years ago, i was a manager for a fashionable plus size clothing store. i absolutely loved it. the bad customers were bad (as expected) and sometimes awful (also as expected) but at least they gave me something to laugh about with my co workers. however, the good customers...they were why i worked there. &amp;nbsp; one day, a woman in her mid-40s came in with her husband and three boys. she was wearing a pullover and baggy jeans. she was sweet, but very reserved about trying on clothes. she told me that hadn’t purchased women’s clothing for several years and was hoping i could help her with jeans (one could say that she was *ahem* all about that bass). regardless of her weight, she was an extremely beautiful and darling woman. her family was super supportive of helping here regain some of her self esteem. i was pumped to help her out. a process this big was going to take a while, so i urged her family to wait on the supplied benches while she and i got to work. so, we shopped, grabbing some cute tops and fun bras. we talked about how to build wardrobes and mix-and-match pieces, and then we got to the danger zone: jeans. &amp;nbsp; i guessed that she was about a size 18-20 and after discussing different cuts of denim, we settled on higher rise, high stretch skinny jeans: they would accommodate her proportionately small waist and large posterior. &amp;nbsp; we got into the fitting room and i eagerly coaxed her to try on one of the outfits i had picked out for her. a few moments later, she called me over to come into the fitting room. i slipped inside to see her. “i haven’t felt this beautiful for a long time,” she said to me. there were tears in her eyes and a huge grin on her face. &amp;nbsp; i motioned for her husband and kids to come see. as soon as the husband saw her, he choked up. i couldn’t get over the grin on his face. there was so much love in his eyes. “you look absolutely gorgeous, babe.” &amp;nbsp; they ended up getting her almost an entirely new wardrobe. i’ve never seen a happier family.a little backstory first: back in 2009, i was having a lot of family issues at home, so i went to visit my mother's two sisters in idaho, for a change of scenery. there's a resort there, owned at the time by a billionaire who also owns a line of gas stations that use a dinosaur for their logo. it's a very high end resort, drawing some of the nation's most rich and famous. bruce willis, arnold schwarzeneggar, clint eastwood, and many other people of that caliber visited and/or owned vacation homes there. i liked it so much, i decided to make the move long term, and found an apartment and a job as a baristo in a coffee shop (not s-bucks). that's where the story starts... it was about 8pm, and i remember it being either november or december, mostly because of all the snow. the shop closed at 9, and i was doing some cleaning ahead of time so i could get out of work at a decent hour. a man walked in, the ball cap on his head pulled down to cover his eyes, and his head down against the biting wind blowing in from the mountains. i greeted him, and when he looked up, i recognized him. i was told to act normal when a celebrity walks in, as they justifiably don't like being mobbed by fans out here. i took his order, which i remember as 2 small lattes. he was alone, so i assumed he was in town with his wife and she was either at their vacation home or shopping at one of the many expensive shops there. the total came to $6.47 (it's funny: i can't remember what i had for breakfast, but i remember the total of bruce willis' coffee order from 6 years ago). *growing up the son of an accountant with a strong desire (borderline obsessive sometimes) to gain my father's approval, i learned to do change in my head at lightning speed.* less than 2 seconds after seeing the $50 he was about to hand me, i told him his change would be $43.53. he paused, a little smirk on his face. **bw:** did you do that in your head? **me:** yes sir. bruce then puts the $50 back in his wallet and pulls out a $20 bill, two $1 bills, and three quarters, totaling $22.75 and asks me what the change is. i tell him $16.47. he proceeds to repeat this a few more times with different combinations of cash he has on him. i don't know if some combination of fatigue and jet lag put him in a condition where he found my petty math amusing, but he was having fun. i finally had to end it, since i still had stuff that needed to be done (cleaning the soft serve machine takes no less than 45 minutes). **me:** i have to get back to work, so i'll do one more. if i get it right, you have to tip me! that last part was a joke obviously. he agrees and pulls out $72.45. before he can move his eyes from the money to mine, i say it's $65.98. **bw:** that's pretty cool **me:** ... when you're 19 and bruce willis tells you something that you take for granted is cool, it tends to leave you speechless. i made his coffee, gave it to him, and wished him a good night. before he left, he dropped $20 in the tip jar and told me i earned it. he was such a cool guy, lots of respect for him.guys, i just had a story from the zoo less than 24 hours ago. i should not have one from the valet already. and yet, here i am, because this is not the first time i've had this conversation. a woman notices our sign that states we are hiring drivers. as she pays for her valet, she is chatting with me about it, mentioning how sorry she feels for the drivers that stand outside in the cold. she says my job as the cashier seems so much nicer and i agree because, well, it is. she asks what my shift is, and i tell her 7-3:30 monday-friday. i let her know we have 24/7 location that needs cashiers for all shifts, and my location needs a 3:30-10pm cashier monday-friday. she asks for an application, which i gladly give her. this is where it goes downhill. once the application is in her hand, she suddenly looks very smug. "can i mail this back instead of bringing it here?" she asks. unusual, but ok, i write down the address and hand it to her. she snatches it out of my hand, scratching me with her nails. she offers no apology, but instead i get a suddenly nasty tone. "so. how do i get your job?" i blink at her and explain what my shift is, and then explain the available shifts again. i get about halfway through before she interrupts me. "yeah yeah, i heard you but i want your job. i want that shift. how do i get it?" " well ma'am i don't plan on quitting any time soon, i really need this job so getting my exact shift wouldn't really-" "you could just go work outside with the rest of them. you're young. they would make you go out there. how do i get your job!" i sigh, and point to the boxes on the application where she can mark her preferred shift and position. "have fun out there in the cold!" she cackles as she walks off. i smile at my good fortune, as the only mailing address we have is for corporate, so that is what i gave her. corporate passes applications along to managers solely on the east side of the city, and my location is the only one on the west side, and we do our own hiring. which i would have explained to her if she hadn't turned into the wicked witch. ah well.i work at a fast food place, we close at 1:00 am on friday and saturday and then we close at 12:00 am every other day. one night i was doing my usual thing, cleaning all of the machines and whatnot, general closing business. someone drives up to the window and lays on their horn. i'm like "oh for fuck's sake" and walk over, unlock it, and say "hi, we're closed for this evening, sorry." lady completely ignores me and goes "gimme a double cheeseburger and fries with a coke" &gt;me: sorry ma'am, but we're closed for this evening. &gt;customer: so? i'm here, i have money, give me the food i'm ordering. &gt;me: ...ma'am, we're closed. &gt;customer: so? &gt;me: ((for the love of god)) so, i can't serve you any food, not even if i wanted to. our grills and fryers have been shut down and cleaned. &gt;customer: well, you have a legal obligation to serve anyone who comes here. &gt;me: what. she said this with the smuggest fucking look on her face. &gt;customer: you legally cannot turn away any customer under california law. &gt;me: sorry, i'll be right back. i walked over and took our "we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone" sign off the wall and walked back over to the window. &gt;me: yyyyyeeeeeaaaah, see this? gonna have to exercise this right staaaaaartiiiiinnnnggg...now. have a good night! -slams window and locks it- i was tired and cranky and wanted to go home, and i'm still amazed that i didn't get fired for that. so i have been working in a fast food chain for about six months now, it's a pretty low business store and my co workers are all pretty funny and chill to be around i'm in the back making food on the night shift, it's really dead and there is only two employees, me making the food and another taking the (very few and far in between) orders an older man in his mid sixties or so comes in and orders a burger and fries, pretty standard, and since business was slow , i make it fresh off the grill he eats the burger and comes back up to the counter pretty awkwardly. i was worried he was going to complain because our manager had left to grab some coffee from the nearby gas station "can i see the person who made this burger? " he demanded, and my co worker haplessly pointed me out so i approach the counter from the back and he reaches out and shakes my hand " son, that's the best sandwich i've had in years, i don't know what you did to it but it's amazing " i stood there with a stupid grin and said thank you, then he slipped me a 10 dollar bill, tipped his hat, and left it's the small things like this which make me kinda like my jobthis isn't my personal experience, but rather the story of my classmate. he works at a fast food restaurant, and recently he was in an altercation at work. he rang up a customer's order, and added nacho cheese onto his meal, which is a little extra. he informed the customer, just to double check, and he had in fact misheard him, then promptly removed the cheese from the order. well, the customer, for whatever reason, didn't believe him. my classmate insisted that he did take the cheese off the order and he wasn't being charged for it. the customer called him a liar, then reached across the counter and punched him in the mouth, splitting his lip and resulting in a trip to the hospital which required stitches. now, the customer is being taken to court on an assault charge, which could get my classmate upwards of $5,000 dollars. all over nacho cheese. edit: clarificationsso, here's this bloke. about 65. it's early in the morning, and he's getting food from our breakfast bar so he can eat breakfast with his 25ish son. they're behind a lady in line who has actual groceries. so when they walk up, the lady is about halfway through paying. but the instant the dad reaches my line, he tries to hand me his cash for his order. i tell him, "sir, if you'll give me just one second, i can finish up with this woman and i'll be right with you." he glares at me but retracts his money. a minute later, the lady leaves, and i turn back to the man, who shoves his twenty at me and then stares at me blankly when i take it. i weigh his food, ring him up, and it comes out to, like, 15.32 or something. i tell him that that's his total, and he just stares at me and takes his food. i shrug and put it into the register. now, once you enter the amount into the computer, you're not supposed to change it, even if you know for sure the amount in the register will be the same, it's just company policy. so as i'm putting the twenty in, he goes, "wait, i was going to give you the 32 cents." *why the fuck didn't you, then,* i think, but whatever. "sorry! i should have asked. unfortunately, i can't change it now that i've put it into the computer." he tries to convince me to for a minute, then he gets mad and says, "your way or the highway, right? bitch." he yanks his change from my hand and walks off with his very awkward-looking son. here's where the story gets impossible. i'm going on with my day, forgotten all about the guy, ringing up other people, when i hear a little throat clear from the end of my register. i look over, and it's the guy. and you won't believe what he said. he said, "i am *so* sorry about earlier." he really did! he apologized! he explained that he has low blood sugar that makes him very cranky, but that that was no excuse, and he felt so bad for being so rude and short with me. i told him it was absolutely fine, and he wished me a beautiful day and left. he apologized! a real customer actually gave me an unprompted apology for their rudeness! i spent the rest of the day just *glowing* with happiness.little bit of preface: i'm a manager at a fast food burger joint in a small town. i'm also gayer than elton john doing a cover of 'somewhere over the rainbow' while dressed in drag. ___________ so, sometime after our supper rush had died down, i went into the cooler to count my inventory. when that was all said and done, i came back out onto the floor to help out my co-workers prepare for their pre-closing stuff. however, as i wear glasses, they immediately fog up due to the change in temperature. my co-workers started to laugh at me, so to make it even better i put on my best southern accent and yelled - "**oh lawdeh, help me! i dear say i've gahn blahnd!**" cue co-workers laughing their butts off because i legitimately sounded like a southern dame or something. meanwhile, a customer on front counter (who couldn't see me at the time) needed to get his order taken so i went up front to help him out. he refuses to let a man help him, instead stating that he wanted the "cute sounding southern gal" to help him out. not wanting to let him down, i put the voice back on and say "**oh my gawd, a suitor at this hour? god bless, momma!**" the man flushes, orders something quietly, and leaves. **edit: i've gotten some creepy and demanding pms about delivering. i don't like the idea of just sharing my voice online. sorry. ** white. i've been staring at the white walls of the video game store for about 2 hours since lunch. it was a very slow day, i glanced at the tables in front of the store,and my heart ache. it was the donation table for the victims of typhoon yolanda that wretched my country and even though i have donated what i can, i still feel sad whenever i saw the people on the tv suffering. i was broken out of my thoughts when the doors jingled open . customers, finally! she was a small girl, about 10 or 11 and a pink hello kitty backpack was at her small back. her mother was accompanying her, a few plastic bags in tow. i recognized her mom. when i was selling cigarettes on the street, i see her peddling clothes she made herself on her stall at the market. she now has her own online shop and making a name for herself. the daughter just had a birthday and her mom finally has enough money to buy a ps3 and some games. the girl half-jogged, half-skipped to my counter. she opened her backpack and pulled out a console. her mom handed me the bag full of games. "can i return this?" "sure sweetie, no problem." i inspected at the console and the games, and nothing was opened. per policy, i returned the money to the mom. she handed the money to the girl, and she ran off as fast as her little feet can take her. i was about to ask when the mom, seeing my expression, explained. "she wants to sell her birthday gift, so she can donate to the victims." i honestly teared a bit there. she was willing to give up what was supposed to be hers and gave to those in need. that's real generosity out there. while i was watching her talking to the girl at the donations table, i was reminded that even though there are a lot of selfish assholes in the world, there's a person just like that little girl and i was happy. edit: yolanda and hayain are the same typhoon. update: i was texted by my co-worker today and somebody is claiming that they are the mother of this story and now reaping in the rewards for their "good deed". more on these here &gt; [birthday girl part 2]( so, i work in a coffee/donut shop. once a year, we have a rather popular contest, where coffee cups have tabs that might get you a car, five grand visa gift cards, or gift cards to our shops. most of the time though, you will win a free coffee or donut, which suits our customer base fine. now, one day, a teenage couple comes in. somehow, not sure why, but i knew they were going to pull something. they don't come up to order together, the girl comes up first. she hands me a winning tab, and orders the most expensive drink on the menu. honestly, i don't care, the drink is easy to make, and i would do the same thing. besides, the drink is allowable by contest rules. while waiting for the machine to fill the cup, i glance at the tab. it's torn in half, only showing the english part of the bilingual tab. not that big a deal, the tabs are annoying to rip off the cup. but, coffee sense is still tingling, so i don't put it in the container, and just set it aside. i hand her her cup, wish her a nice day, and she almost leaves, loitering around the door, as her boyfriend comes up to the counter. what a surprise! he also wants the same size and type of drink. he also has half a winning tab! but sacre bleu! it's all in french! this is a moment i have only dreamt of. i smile, grab the previous tab, and place both together in front of him, slowly, as if i'm a csi scientist. i don't say anything to him, just smiling, and he bolts out, dragging his girlfriend with him. which is a shame, i was about to offer him a smaller (non contest) cup and lid so they could both share. edit: man, lots of canadians on this subreddit! :d tried to make the coffee shop as vague as possible, but i can't fool my fellow canucks.last sunday i was working pos at our store and a sweet, older lady came up to me, but before i could begin, she started the conversation as such: &gt;lady: (hands me two jewelry tags with no jewelry attached) the nice, blond, young man that was working yesterday rang up a lot of jewelry for me, and i got all the way home with them, but neither of them were on my receipt. &gt;me: may i take a look at your receipt? (she handed it to me and i saw the employee # of the person i thought rang her up - and he is a really nice, hard-working young man and lo and behold, those two pieces definitely weren't on the receipt). &gt;me: it was very honest of you to come forward and tell us about this. most people would have not done that. &gt;lady: my conscience would not have allowed it. i tried to give her a 20% off for her items she was purchasing that day, but she wouldn't have it. she used her little 15% coupon and was quite happy. also, i didn't tell upper management what happened so as to not get said employee in trouble. i did mention it to him to be more careful. still can't believe these customers actually exist. i mean, i've heard they exist, i'd just never seen one in person.edit: holy cow i'm internet famous! alright this is my first post so i'll do my best. prologue: i work at a nationwide grocery chain in southern california. i work every department and have a myriad of stories but this is the first one off the top of my head. i am a college student close to graduating too. one day as i was working in the deli one morning a gentleman approaches me. he'll be known as jerk. jerk: hey man i know you are probably a high school dropout so i'll make this really easy for you. i was frozen. i had never been insulted like that by a customer. i was visibly turning red from the insult. he continues. jerk: i want 1/8 of a pound of roast beef. do you know what that is in decimals?" he says in a condescending tone. me: " it's .125 of a pound sir. and you can find somebody else to serve you." i then motion to my co-worker to help him but she refuses having heard the conversation. jerk goes to my store director, gets told to leave and not come back for being disrespectful to employees. my store director and associates are pretty awesome people. t;dr: jerk insults me and calls me a dropout. gets shunned by entire store and told to leave. this happened a few months ago, but just got reminded of it recently. so backstory. i work in the wireless department in a big department store. the wireless section is outsourced and technically i don't work for said department store and i'm really only able to do transactions related to cell phones. that said, if i'm not busy with a wireless customer, i'll go and help customers who are looking for stuff. i've worked here long enough that i know where a lot of stuff is and sometimes electronics is understaffed. so one time i have someone come by looking for batteries. those little button kinds (usually a cr2032). well, a lot of customers have trouble finding the right size so i lead her to the batteries area and help her pick out the battery. i then gave a short "i'm actually part of the wireless center here, if you ever need help with a cell phone..." etc. etc. "oh, actually since you're here, i did have an issue with my cell phone". she mentioned that she recently got a new cell phone and she wasn't happy with it. i asked if she got it from our store (or any of the locations we had) and she didn't. she got the phone directly from the carrier. she didn't have the phone with her, but she said she got the latest model for a particular line of phones. btw, i'm in canada. so for high end cell phones (this one was about $750), usually you'd have to go for a 2-year term of at least $80 a month with a $200-300 upfront device cost. (recently they dropped the minimum rate for some carriers to $70, but at the time it was still minimum $80 per month). i asked her what was wrong with it. "it doesn't call fast enough". that struck me as odd. at first i assumed that she meant that little pause between pressing the call button and when it starts ringing when the phone is trying to connect. i probe for a bit more detail. well, she goes on to say how she always listens to the radio and how there's always these contests where a certain caller number will win some sort of money prize or concert tickets or whatever. and she's annoyed that she's never able to call into the radio stations or when she does she doesn't win. i'm... pretty baffled at this... i basically reply that there's got to be tons of people trying to call at the same time and there are a ton of factors as to whether or not she would be able to get through. she was annoyed because she thought that this model was supposed to be the best phone in the market. she then asks how other people are able to call in and win these contests... again, it's pretty much chance. i just replied saying maybe they programmed the phone to have the stations on speed dial or maybe they had an app that helps them dial repeatedly or faster. (she then asks what an app was... and i had to explain what apps are and how she can get apps on the phone...) lastly, she asked me if i knew what phones people who are winning radio contests are using. no. i don't. i then went back to my manager and the conversation went something like: &gt; "so yeah, she got a [phone model] and isn't happy with it." &gt; "why?" &gt; "she says she's not winning radio contests." &gt; "stop there. i'm done."i work as a cashier in a high end grocery store. the other day an older european lady came through my lineup. i asked her how she was doing, if she needed bags, etc. of course she doesn't reply so i start scanning her stuff and place them in bags anyways. a package of radishes scan through and show up as $1.99. the conversation goes as follows: her: stop right there. why are they 1.99? me: that's the usual price. her: the fucking sign said 1.29. me: ok well i'll call someone. the produce manager comes over and tells her that they're 1.99. her: this is fucking absurd. i need to see the sign. you have to honour the price on the sign. i want them free this isn't fair. the manager takes her over to the radishes, and it turns out she was looking at the wrong fucking sign and the price was actually 1.99. she then comes back, pays for the rest of her stuff, throws the radishes at my face, and leaves. i later found out that she comes in about 3 times a week and argues with the employees to get free stuff. she's apparently made my co worker cry on 2 separate occasions. edit: holy shit this exploded. loving all of the vegetable puns! and for the people telling me if i should press charges, i'd prefer not to because she did not really cause any bodily harm, just made my retail experiences a wholeeeeeeeeee lot more interesting. needless to say though i will be speaking to my manager about banning her. i used to work in electronics for a large department store, so it was common i dealt with large purchases of tvs, game systems, cameras, etc. usually these were all paid for by card. i'd been through the training on how to detect counterfeit bills though since some people still used cash. a middle-aged man walks around the department for a bit and after helping him pick out a tv i go to ring him up. the purchase came to around $700, paid for in $100 bills. the man smiles, and in a very thick eastern european accent boasts "i printed those myself!" i laugh and go to put the money away, but it feels lighter than normal. i do the usual tests (holding it up to the light, scratching the surface) and it fails all of them. this guy actually tried to use printed money. at this point i call over a department lead to help me out because i've never dealt with counterfeit bills before. he smiles at the guest, says we'll hold his tv in the backroom for a minute while we complete the transaction, and leads him away from the department. after around 15 minutes i was told i was being replaced in electronics and spent the last two hours of my day giving a police report. **tl;dr** - guy tries to buy an expensive tv, proudly announces he's using money he printed at home, gets arrested.preface: this is a prepaid no-contract carrier store. the way these work, we're not a corporate franchise, but rather an independently-owned authorized dealer, much like a car dealership. we have a few locations under our dealership, but the rest are owned by different dealers. this means that inventory and returns are not shared across all locations. if you bought your phone at a location that's owned by another dealer, you must return or replace it there. we often have problems with customers trying to return merchandise from other dealers' locations. i always try my best to explain that although we can't take them back, we'd be more than happy to call the other location and see if they can. alternatively, we also offer them a discount or a free accessory if they choose to buy a phone from us; that way we win their business. most of the time, we resolve the issue. sometimes, they get upset and leave. this guy was something else. older man, i'd say late 50's, wearing a cheap suit with a consumerist attitude and a sense of entitlement. we had a few customers in the store and my co-workers and i were trying to help everyone as quick as possible. &gt; me: welcome to [store name], how can i help you? &gt; c: my wife's phone isn't working. i need you to fix it. &gt; me: sure, what's going on with it? &gt; c: it won't make phone calls. &gt; me: okay. let me take a look at it. i inspect the phone and realize that it's a model that we don't carry at our location, so i already know they didn't buy it from us. the phone has no signal. i try power cycling the phone, running network updates and everything i can to fix it. no dice. &gt; me: alright. the phone's not getting signal. i've tried resetting it and updating it and it's not doing much. looks like you got a defective phone. where did you-- &gt; c: --well, no shit! that's what i just said. i just need you to fix it. &gt; me: of course. where did you get it? &gt; c: i got it from you guys. &gt; me: are you sure? we haven't carried this model in a while. &gt; c: it says [carrier name] on it! where else would i have gotten it? &gt; me: i mean, which location did you get it from? &gt; c: i don't know where she got it. aren't you guys [carrier name]??? &gt; me: yes, but we're all seperately owned and it sounds like she might've gotten it from a different location. let me scan the barcode to see if it came from our s-- &gt; c: look, don't waste my f--king time. i just need you to fix it. there were kids in the store, so the swearing bothered me. &gt; me: look, i'm sorry, but i can't replace it if she got it somewhere else. the best i can d-- &gt; c: that's bullshit. let me speak to your manager. now, i had some heavy dental work done that morning and they gave me some good shit for the pain, so i was feeling a little "brave". the guy was being a total douchebag, swearing in front of kids and being all around unreasonable, so i thought to myself that if i'm going to kick him out eventually, i might as well f--k with the guy a little. &gt; me: no. &gt; c: ..excuse me? &gt; me: i don't think he or any of us want to deal with your crap right now. i'm here trying to help you out and you're just being a prick. &gt; c: what did you just call me?! you get your f--king manager right now or i will have your f--king job!!! what is your name???? &gt; me: we don't really have a manager, but here's the owner's information. (we have two business cards, one of them has the owner's information for customers like this for when the owner's not around. it says [store name] [john smith], general manager with the owner's cellphone number) &gt; c: and what is your name?! as he furiously picks up his phone. &gt; me: you don't really need my name. just tell him it's "the employee that doesn't put up with pricks like me." &gt; c: yeah, okay. we'll see how funny you are when you lose your job. he calls the owner. most of the customers that were in at the time were regulars so they were secretly in on what was about to happen. my cellphone rings. i pick it up with a smile. &gt; me: this is [john smith] at [store name], how can i help you? everyone in the store cracks the f--k up. &gt; c: this is f--king bullshit. i don't know what kinda bullshit game you're playing here but i'm taking my business elsewhere. &gt; me: i'm counting on it. have a nice day. **edit: whoever sent me gold, i would unofficially hire you for a day and let you kick out all the rude customers you want. ( :**context - i work in a sandwich shop. there is another person who works at the sandwich shop who has the same name as me. i'm pretty well known for having resting b' face. i was not in when this event occured, but i had multiple co-workers text me after. woman walks in and orders her food. this is the exchange. (c)ashier : will that be all for you today? (w)oman: is (insert my name here) working today? c: which one? w: the one with the bitch face. c: ...no, she's off today. all my co-workers are in absolute shock. one even texts me immediately after. a couple more text me after work or the next day. i find out a couple days later that the woman was my mom. -_-" edited for clarification.long time lurker, first time poster. bare with me, i'm posting from my phone. i work at the customer service desk at a grocery store. while i do have to deal with insane customers and annoying lottery people on a daily basis, it does have some perks; there's a computer there and i can do ny homework when work is slow. currently i'm in school for aquatic science and fisheries. i want to do aquaculture for my career and i've had to add more school because of changing my majors. it's worth it though. yesterday, i was working on a paper about environmental policy and one of my regular customers came up to me. he wished me good luck on my test and then i explained that i was working on this environmental policy paper. we then had a long conversation and he told me that he works for the epa; he would love to see me apply for an internship and he'll put in a good word since he sees me every day. for anyone that isn't into environmental science, this is how you get your career started. we said our goodbyes and i went back to my paper. i hear coughing and to my surprise it's my manager. manager: "so your dream is to do aquaculture? sounds interesting. do me one thing; you need to follow that dream. that guy sounds like your ticket out of here and i won't have you working at a grocery store your entire life." words have never inspired me to work harder for something. while it will be a happy day to leave a store that has caused me so much stress, i'll never forget the people that supported and pushed me to be the best. today is not that day though. i just spent half an hour telling a lady that she can't return meat because she let it spoil. edit: wow i can't believe that i made the front page. thanks everyone for your support and hopefully in the future, i'll show you some pictures of my fish. :) edit 2: i can't believe how big this got and thank you for the gold. i'm still in shock and i feel like a celebrity. edit 3: finally learned his name. epa here i come. okey dokey so i'm taking tech appointments in store for the phones that rule everyone's life. and i get to this customer mary. mary is a very nice woman of perhaps mid 50s to early 60s. i walk up and introduce myself and ask what's going on. she tells me that she was in a few days before because her phone kept shutting off and she was about to do a major cross country drive (la to nyc) by herself and she was worried about her phone not working. so when she was in, about five days before, the battery failed testing. worn out. this can certainly cause random shut downs. so they changed the battery. at cost cause she was out of warranty. only it was still shutting down. there's a set of 'on board' error logs so i took a look. holy crap. screen after screen of a major error, dating back like a month. basically this error is the same as a kernel panic on a computer. for those that don't know computers it's the 'blue screen of death'. blown logic board level issue. this phone was super critical and lucky to be alive. of course this is something the first tech should have caught but (having checked to see who it was from the service notes) he's a bit of a lazy ass. me, i check that log every time. i would rather catch an impending failure before it happens than miss it. so i'm a tad miffled, he's going to get feedback later. now i have to tell the customer that we missed the right call the first time and she has to replace the whole phone. for a lot more. like $300 once you put the tax in. but, i tell her, i'm going to go talk to my manager about taking off the cost of the battery replacement because that's just not fair. she's cool with this and with paying the difference. i go to my manager and explain what's up. he agrees it's not fair. only he says we'll just cover the whole thing. or payback for making her come a second time. he didn't have to do this. but to him it felt like the right thing to do. who was i to argue. i get the replacement phone, do the paperwork, swap the sim etc. we get every thing set up on the new phone, one, the old one erased. she pulls out her credit card and i tell her i don't need that. she says she hasn't paid and i tell her that she doesn't have to, my manager is going to pay for it since we messed up and didn't fix it the first time. she loses it. zero to 100 in like two seconds. i'm talking hands shaking, snot nosed, tears every where. me, i go and get some tissues for her to clean up her face, no big deal. i ask her if she needs hug, cause i have few with me. she says yes. i give her a hug and say happy mother'a day. which almost got her crying again. my manager happened to walk by right then and gave me a look like 'is everything okay?'. i guess mary picked up on it cause she asked if he was the manager. i said yes and she hugged him too. tldr: read it and get your daily 'feels' this one happened a few days ago. i work the customer service desk at a department store. lady came up with about three bags of clothes she wants to return. the ensuing conversation went something like this: &gt;me: do you have your receipt? &gt;customer: oh, no, i've done hundreds of returns here with no receipt. &gt;m: okay, are you a member of our rewards program? &gt;c: no. &gt;m: okay, so without a receipt i'll have to give you store credit with a 15% deduction on each item. &gt;c: ohhh no. no no no. i've done this hundreds of times and i've never had a problem. they always look it up with my credit card. (at this point she tosses her credit card down on the counter). i don't want in-store credit i want my money back. &gt;m: no, i'm sorry, but the only way we have to look up receipts is if you're in our rewards program. &gt;c: no. that's not true. i'm telling you, i've done this over and over again and i've never had a problem. i'm a decorator, i buy crap here all the time. i learned a while back that when someone just won't accept what you're saying, have another employee confirm it. sometimes people just need to hear the same damn information from two people before they even start to accept it. so fortunately, our store manager was ringing up a customer at the lanes across from where i was. i confirm with her that we can in fact not look up receipts using a credit card. &gt;c: this is ridiculous! i've done this hundreds of times, you're lying to me. i just want my money back. at this point, i notice something odd on one of the articles of clothing she's trying to return: the tag is from a different store. &gt;m: ma'am, let me ask you, what store are you trying to return your merchandise to? &gt;c: what are you talking about? &gt;m: where did you buy this stuff? &gt;c: (names the store. surprise, it isn't ours) &gt;m: ma'am, this is (insert name of store here) &gt;c: oh. she then storms off in a huff. because, you know, it's still my fault.i had caught a bad stomach virus one year when i was still a retail drone at a now closed movie store, about every 10-15 min, i would throw up and poop myself. i will be calling the store manager boss. so i called in for my shift 7 hours before the shift since i was working the 2nd shift that day. i called a left a vm for my boss saying i couldn't come in. boss called back and left a vm told me i either worked that day or i was fired. called pleaded my case, no budge. seeing as rent was due, car payment due, and if fired i wouldn't have been able to pay both. i was forced to come in, after 10 min, i had to run to the bathroom to puke, and since i had to leave the register to do this my boss wasn't happy and wrote me up for abandoning post. told me if it happen again, i was going to be let go. she put a trash can next to me and said use this if i felt sick. so.... not wanting to live homeless the next month i do i was told. after about the 7th time i dry heaved in to the trash can, my face very pale. boss came out and told me to go home i was fired. i went home and panicked how i will make rent, etc. the next day the dm called me and ask how i was feeling, i told him better than the day before but not 100%, he told me ok, and asked could he see me tomorrow if i was feeling well. nothing else to do, i said yes. the next day, i go in to meet him and my now old boss was there to, i was thinking this was an exit interview. dm ask me what happen i told him i called in 7 hours before and was told i would be fired if i didn't come in to work. boss of course denied it, saying i was welcome to take an unpaid day off. i then played the vm my ex-boss left me. she was angry after hearing it, i was asked to go out the room for a few mins. after 10 min i see my ex-boss walk out the store, pissed off, tears in her eyes. dm calls me in and fills me in, it seems that that night when she fired me there was a secret shopper in the line. the shopper noted how nice i was despite being obviously too sick to work. when the shopper saw me get fired for being too sick to work in front of a line of customer she was outraged, and after i left told off the manger and asked for the dm number, which the boss refused at first, but then gave her the wrong number. since she was a secret shopper and knew the correct number to begin with she called the dm that night and told him what went down. dm then pull the security tape of that night, and confirm the boss handing the trash can and the part about letting me go. he told me that he asked my side of the story just for record purposes, and i had my job back, as well as for my trouble he put 2 days of pto on my paycheck for that week. best of yet he made one of the shift leads the new str manger, and gave me the shift lead spot which bumped my pay up by 2 bucks and hr at the time. i'm a manager at a retail pet supply store. i was the manager on duty one evening when i overheard a conversation between a customer and my support manager (sm from now on) getting a little intense at a cash register. the customer was trying to use coupons that she found on some smartphone app that weren't valid and sm was explaining why she couldn't accept them. (there's several fake coupons circulating right now that are badly photoshopped with no expiration date, no description of what the sale is for, etc.) the woman was getting in a snit about it so i wandered in that direction in case sm needed assistance. i wanted to see how sm would handle the situation so i didn't jump in immediately. she was having trouble keeping the woman pacified and, in a bit of desperation, offered the woman 20% off on her most expensive purchase which was a 33lb bag of dog food. it was within her power to give a discount if she wanted to -- i don't know if i would have done it -- but there was nothing wrong with her trying something creative to please a frustrated customer. and she *had* only been frustrated up to this point, not rude. she honestly didn't know the coupons were forgeries before she came in. if you genuinely don't understand something, i'll be nice and helpful all day long, but once you show me you don't value manners, my interest in going above and beyond for you evaporates. this was the point when the woman decided she wasn't having it, shouting that other stores had taken the same coupons before (which is probably why we got a bolo report on them) and starting to get ugly with sm. finally she loudly demanded to see a manager, despite sm wearing a name badge that said 'manager'. when sm said she that she was one, the woman very rudely demanded to see a manager who "knew what they were talking about since obviously you don't." that's when i stepped around from behind her and introduced myself. i let the lady talk and explain her situation in her own words. i didn't need my co-worker to say anything since we both knew i had heard everything. in the end, i repeated the same thing to the woman: that we couldn't honor the coupons and gave the reasons why. she was pissed but i guess since i'm an stern-looking guy and not a petite young woman like sm, she decided that arguing with me wasn't going to get her anything and she gave up. she sighed and said, "fine. this is bs but i guess i'll just take that 20% off the dog food since you won't take any of your other coupons. i hope you know you just lost a lot of business from me." me: "i'm sorry but i didn't offer you a discount on your dog food." woman: "*that* girl did." *(jabbing a finger angrily at sm)* me: "yes, i did hear her do that. i also heard you reject her offer because you didn't think she knew what she was talking about. you wanted to talk to someone else, so now i'm here and i didn't offer you a discount on anything." woman: *(it took a couple seconds for that to sink in, her eyes growing wider in rage.)* "so you're not going to do anything for me?!" me: "i'll happily check you out, that's what i can do for you." woman: "and you're seriously not going to give me a discount for wasting my time?!" me: "ma'am, you decided to escalate the issue by yelling at my co-worker and rejecting her very generous offer to try to make you happy. since you wanted a different answer, now you're getting one. would you like us to check you out now?" with a couple curse words under her breath, she abandoned her purchases and left the store. sm thanked me for having her back and then went on break to de-stress. moral of the story: be nice to the people you want help from. **edit 1:** gramma an' a spellin's **edit 2:** that was, by the way, *not* the way i would have coached anyone else to handle it. the woman called the store the next day and a different manager took the call. i got in a tiny bit of trouble over it but in the end my boss had my back, too. if she had called our corporate customer support line, however, i probably could have gotten in much deeper trouble. worth it to see the look on her face, though.this happened earlier today, we were suddenly slammed at the cashier lines at bigretailstore. an old hag who has come through my line (and dampened my day) several times before is next in my line. behind her are a pair of, to be blunt, very ghetto looking young black gentlemen. as soon as i say hello to ob (old bitch) her phone rings. obnoxiously loud default-ringtone terribleness fills the air all around us for a solid minute until she manages to dig her phone out of her purse. the yggs (young ghetto gentlemen) begin dancing and going apeshit to the tone of the ring. when she finally answers she turns to me mid-greeting and this is how that shit went down: **ob:** *answers phone, turns to me* "hush, i don't care about your card you're trying to sell or how you're doing today, i have a phone call." **ygg1:** *sees the put out reaction on my face* "dayummmm" **ygg2:** "ayy yea we all noticed you had a phone call gatdayum, people in the back o' the store fuckin noticed wit that fuckin loud ass muhfuckin ringtone fuck." my team lead walks over at this point to see what these guys are yelling about, and why the ob had a look of such pure disgust on her face. **ygg1:** *as the team lead is about to say something* hey, ma'am, i'm gonna have to ask you to be quiet, this lady here is on the phone and can't be interrupted by your rudeness. **ygg2:** "ay errybody hear that? she on the phone, be quiet" some guy two or three lanes down started talking... **ygg2:** *literally skips over to the guy, i thought he was about to tackle his ass, and puts his finger on the guys lips and whispers* "ssssshhhhhh, she on the phone" **ygg1:** "tell 'em nigga" ob: *leaves her filled cart in the line and walks out while apologizing over the phone and giving everyone a shit look* **yggs:** *comes forward with mouthwash* "wass good lil nigga? this is it." they finished up and left, and could not have been more polite lol. me and my team lead and everyone just had that "that just happened" expression. edit: formatting edit edit: sweet ass, thanks for the gold. :d an elderly gentleman came in one day and patiently waited for his turn to be helped. as soon as i got to him, he told me he had an older tv that wasn't cable ready and that he needed a cable converter box to make it work. he asked if we had one for sale. "sure," i told him, "right over here. they cost [around] $80." "okay, what else would i need to make it work?" i showed him to our area with the adapters for antennas, the cables, etc. "how much will this all cost?", he asked me. "well, altogether with tax included, probably about $100." "okay... " he had the look of someone crunching the numbers in his head-the look was one of "can i afford this?" then i said, "-but before i ring any of this up, let me ask you something; do you have a newer vcr that's cable ready? one with digital tuning?" "yeah, but i'm not using it." "okay, here's what you can do..." i then walked him through the process of hooking the vcr to the tv and using that as a cable converter box instead. he looked at me and said, "god, why didn't i think of that!?" then he asked if we worked for commission at my store. i said that we did and he said, "so you just talked yourself out of a sale?" "well," i told him, "it wouldn't be right to sell you something that you didn't need." we chatted a while longer and he went on his way. about a week later, a customer came in and sought me out personally. later he told me he only wanted to deal with me because i'd been honest with his dad. over the next month any time his family members needed anything, they came to me. believe it or not, there were actually experiences that made me feel good while working retail.happy ending in this one. i work in a general merchandise store and was putting christmas over-stock in the supers (the top shelves that you typically can't reach). well, i was trying to squeeze a box onto the shelf by slightly nudging it forward little by little when suddenly i see several massive objects fall down into the opposite aisle and i hear a guy on the other side shout "oh!" in surprise. i shouted "oh my god!" and ran to the other side to see what happened. as it turns out, i had knocked over about five or six large dog beds, which, next to packing peanuts and the color pink, are the most harmless things imaginable. they all fell on my customer, a 60-something gentleman who was more bemused than anything. cue the profuse apologies and queries as to whether he was all right, and he said, "no, don't worry about it, i'm perfectly fine." then he looks around for any of my co-workers, whispers "i won't tell if you won't," and gives me a wink before walking away. sure, they were just dog beds, but what can i say? dude had my back.so i work in an electronics repair shop where we also buy/sell/trade phones and tablets. i got a call on my day off because a new person thought someone was trying to sell something stolen. i walk in and a lady is attempting to sell an att ipad air 64gb for $50 and doesn't remember the password on it. i tell her that i would definitely be interested in it but we would have to remove the password. i take the device to the back and set it on my desk, remove the sim card and write the model number down. i walk over to att and find out through the customer service rep that the customer that it belongs too had his house robbed an hour earlier and this was one of the items that was stolen. i tell them to have the police go to his house and to come to my work and i'll stall the customer. i get back to my store and tell the customer that everything is clean on the tablet and as soon as it is restored i can give her $350 for it. she, of course, is ecstatic about it and calls her friends up going "can you believe we are getting this much for this?". i have her fill out paper work saying how much she is selling it for with a copy of her drivers license. this is when the police officer walks in. she instantly has a "fuck" look on her face and tries to walk away. the officer tries to talk to her and she pushes him. he grabs her and tackles her to the ground, while she is throwing punches, he maces her and hand cuffs. it ended up that she had in her posession this elderly mans wallet with drivers lic., social security card, credit cards and other personal stuff. tl:dr; tried to sell my store stolen merchandise, goes to jail.reading some of these reminded me of one of my 'favorite' customers from my past in retail. i'd been working there for well over a year by this point when this happened, a guy in a business suit was in my lane looking kind of impatient. when he got to me he was incredibly rude towards me even though i was just asking the basic things starting with this (rg for rude guy); &gt;me - hello, how are you today? &gt;rg - none of your business. that sent up the initial red flag as i figured, ok this guy isn't having too good a day. &gt;me - alright sir, would you like bags today? &gt;rg - no i'm going to carry these all? what do you think kid? another red flag, another smile just to not invoke anything from the dude. i didn't even bother mentioning my age cause i sure was not a kid. through the rest of his order he is continuing to be increasingly rude toward me, to the point i can see he's enjoying himself. finally i can't help it and i politely asked him to not speak that way to me since i was just doing my job in ringing him through. the response i got still makes me mad to this day; &gt;rg - and why should i be nice to you? you're the servant and i'm the customer. that makes me better than you, so i'm allowed to treat you like dirt. i stopped immediately and just stared at this guy like 'did you seriously just say that?'. he gave me a smug look... which quickly faded when i grabbed the phone and called my manager over. i told the manager i was refusing to serve the rude guy and why before i left my lane. the manager allowed me to and i'm pretty sure he gave the rude guy one hell of a lashing for it. never saw him back in the store after that, and did not care a single bit. tl;dr - guy thought treating cashiers like crap was his right just because we are his 'servants'.a few years ago i worked at this little pizza shop, a mom and pop place on the main drag in town. and it was small enough that on weekdays, it would be just me and sometimes another waitress on the floor. so one day it's just me, it's late in the afternoon, and there's only one family in the restaurant. they're letting their son run around the room while feeding the baby, and it's not a huge deal since there's only me to bother(i would normally ask them to have their child stay with them, since we do carry boiling hot cheesy pizza around). i've just gone to ask them something, do they want dessert or the check, etc… and i'm walking away from the table when i realize i've forgotten to ask them another question. so i turn around. and my swinging hand just smacks their kid right in the face! apparently he was running behind me and just happened to be within arms reach. i was mortified, and the kid grabs his cheek and tears up, runs to his mom and puts his face in her lap and cries like i just killed his puppy. i thought for sure i was going to get fired, they were going to yell and scream and i'd have to apologize a thousand times and find a new job. but then the most amazing thing happens. the mom looks me right in the eye, winks at me and says to her son: &gt;i told you not to run around the restaurant, sweetie. stop crying and apologize to the nice waitress for being a hooligan! i'm sure your cheek doesn't hurt that much. needless to say, i was grateful and speechless and i will never forget the day that i smacked someone's kid and they didn't yell at me.hi tfr! i've been a long-time lurker, but i finally decided to make an account and post some stories from my part-time job at an ice cream franchise. it's my first post, so please forgive any formatting mistakes. also, i apologize in advance for the length. **bit of background:** my store isn't a typical ice cream place. we don't actually scoop the ice cream for you, nor is it self-serve. the ice cream (or custard, or yogurt, or whatever) actually starts out in liquid form, then we freeze it into a solid using liquid nitrogen. it's a really cool process, and most customers (especially children) love it. our story takes place earlier today. it was my first day back from a vacation visiting my brother in a different state. because he lives very far away, and is much older than me, we don't get to see each other much. anyway, while i was visiting him, he bought me a very pretty bracelet shaped like a butterfly (important). i decided to wear that bracelet to work today. the day started out normal enough. most of the customers were easy-going, most of the children that came in were well-behaved (you'd be amazed how many kids treat the store like it's a playground). i thought my shift would go well...until *she* came in. we'll call her **bitch face (bf)** and her two year old daughter **spoiled girl (sg)**. i greet bf and go up to the counter to take her order. &gt;**me:** good afternoon ma'am, have you been here before? &gt;**bf:** yes. &gt;**me:** okay, great! do you know what i can get for you and your daughter? &gt;**bf:** *(rather curtly)* we haven't decided, you don't need to pester me. so that's how it's gonna be? fine, bitch. &gt;**me:** *(putting on the retail smile we all know and love)* of course, take your time. let me know when you're ready to order. about five minutes later, bf calls me over. &gt;**bf:** hello! excuse me! i'm ready to order now. &gt;**me:** yes ma'am, what would you like? &gt;**bf:** you know, it's really ridiculous that i had to wait five minutes for you to take my damn ice cream order. really? &gt;**me:** yes ma'am, i apologize for the wait. i just wanted to ensure that you had enough time to decide. what would you like today? &gt;**bf:** i don't want anything, you've ruined my appetite. *(seriously?!?)* my daughter, though, wants [flavor] with [topping]. &gt;**me:** certainly ma'am, what size would you like? &gt;**bf:** ugh, you mean i have to *tell* you the size? you don't just know?!? this went on for a few minutes, until bf finally told me the necessary details for her order. i mixed the liquid together, and proceeded to start freezing it. as i began to freeze it, sg caught sight of my bracelet. &gt;**sg:** mommy! mommy! a butterfly! i want it. &gt;**bf:** *(to me)* where did you get that bracelet? i explain to her that my brother gave it to me as a gift, and we had purchased from a flea market in his state. &gt;**bf:** well, my daughter really likes it, and i certainly can't go to [state] to buy one. *(even if you did go, it's one of a kind...like many things from flea markets.)* would you give it to her? &gt;**me:** *(stunned)* uh...i'm sorry ma'am, this bracelet holds a lot of significance for me. it was given to me by my brother, and i don't see him very often-- &gt;**bf:** yes, yes, i don't care about that. well, if you're too selfish to give it to her, *(wat)* at least let her wear it for a bit. i'm the customer, you're required to do what i want. umm...no. first of all, i've seen the way your child is acting in the store. she's climbing all over the tables, knocking shit over, behaving like a monkey on speed. (i don't blame the kid for doing this, as she doesn't know better; i blame the mother for not supervising her child in a public place). i'm willing to bet that she would break it ten seconds after i give it to her. second, it's my property. i can give (or refuse to give) it to whomever i please. third, and perhaps most importantly, as i already explained to her, the bracelet holds a lot of sentimental value for me. i would be very upset if she broke it, lost it, refused to give it back, etc. &gt;**me:** i'm sorry, ma'am, but i will not be giving her my bracelet. sg begins to bawl. bf leans across the counter, nearly spitting in my face. &gt;**bf:** why not?!?!?! &gt;**sg:** mommy she doesn't know how to share! &gt;**bf:** you've made my child cry, you stupid bitch! i demand to see your manager! *sigh.* i go to the back to fetch my manager (m), who is a really cool lady. she's just a few years older than me, and she's someone that will have your back. i try to explain to her what happened, but i'm really upset (i've never had a customer yell at me before). she tells me she will handle it, and gets me a drink of water. she heads out to confront the she-devil. both she and bf were talking loudly, so i was able to overhear their conversation: &gt;**m:** good afternoon, ma'am. i see you've had a problem with lady-targaryen? &gt;**bf:** you're damn right i have a problem with her!! she made my child cry!!! &gt;**m:** i see. and this is because lady-targaryen refused to give your daughter her bracelet, is that correct? &gt;**bf:** yes. what are you going to do about it?!?! &gt;**m:** nothing. &gt;**bf:** excuse me?! &gt;**m:** you heard me. the jewelry is her property, and she has the right to refuse to give it to your daughter. i won't tolerate abuse of my staff. please pay for your ice cream and leave. i cracked the door open, and bf's face was priceless. she speechlessly paid for her ice cream and left with her bratty child in tow. all that over a $10 bracelet...wow. **tl;dr: bitch comes in, demands i give her daughter my bracelet. i say no, she demands to see manager, manager tells her off.** let me tell you another story that happened earlier today. background: i manage a store which sells coffee and loose leaf tea in bulk. we also sell kettles, marmelades, chocolate, fudge, liquorice... you get the picture. we have a large glass display with about 18-20 different kinds of chocolate pralines. usually the customer tells me which one they want and i pick them out and put them in a bag or a box. the different kinds are **clearly** labeled with flavour and/or cocoa-content. &gt; \*a man about 40 years old walks up to the display\* &gt; me: hi there can i help you with something? &gt; man: no i'm just looking &gt; me: okay let me know if you need help &gt; \*i putter around the store, cleaning a little bit and helping some other customers, i would say about ten minutes pass\* &gt; man: alright i want a box of eight chocolates please &gt; me: sure, which do you want? &gt; man: is it chocolate in all of these? \*points to the display marked "chocolate pralines"\* &gt; me: yes all of these are chocolate &gt; man: is it dark chocolate in the dark nougat? &gt; me: yes it's dark chocolate and dark nougat &gt; man: okay one please. what kind of mousse is it in the one with raspberry mousse? &gt; me: ... raspberry... &gt; man: okay one please. and that white one with orange, is that dark chocolate? &gt; me: no that is white chocolate. &gt; man: hmm. okay one of those. is it blueberries in the blueberry one? &gt; me: yes of course, blueberry flavoured chocolate! &gt;: man: one please! aaaaaand hmmm... does the one with tiramisu taste like tiramisu? &gt; me: yes like tiramisu and chocolate &gt; man: one please! is it really champagne in the one with strawberries and champagne? like liquid? &gt; me: no it is champagne flavoured chocolate inside it. &gt; man: one please! that one with coconut is white is that also white chocolate? &gt; me: yes &gt; man: one please! and the one with mint is mint-chocolate? &gt; me: yes &gt; man: one please! little did he know i fooled him! it's gravel in the blueberry chocolate, arsenic in the orange ones and the ones with tiramisu are actually full of snakes! i build my business on lies! hello tfr, another story from big box electronic store. relevant background to the story: i'm half filipina and have grown up around a big filipino family. though i don't speak it passed basic phrases i still understand it perfectly. since i'm a halfie (other half is japanese-white) most people can't tell i'm filipina. anyway i work in the camera department and in walks filipina lady with her son. she informs me that she came from one of our other stores because they were out of stock of the camera she wanted. on top of that she saw it from another company for a cheaper price and wanted me to price match it. alright no problem! managers let me price match/give discounts at my own discretion and i'm usually generous when it comes to this depending on how respectful/polite a customer is. i told her i need to look it up to confirm it is actually that price at the other company. so i walk them up to my computer and right as i'm typing it in she says to her son.... **lady: (in tagalog) this girl is stupid.** i snapped my head towards her. she looked like a deer caught in the headlights. apparently i'm stupid because i didn't know off the top of my head how much the camera is at the other company. you can insult my looks and pretty much anything about me but not my intelligence. especially if it's on an unfounded basis. i decided not to say anything then and acted like nothing was wrong but i could tell she was worried that i understood her. **me: well yup i see it here for $xxx.xx. i'll pull out the camera for you.** i pull out the camera and upsold the shit out of her with unnecessarily expensive accessories. i finally get them up to the register and give her the total at full price. **lady: aren't you going to price match the camera?** then i slowly pursed my lips into a sweet smile. **me: normally i would but i'm so stupid i forgot how to do it.** the woman looked horrified. she paid full price and left in a hurry. yeah i admit it was petty but fuck her. edit: i hate to be this guy but... holy crap! i never imagined someone would give me gold!! thanks guys! reddit and this sub in particular have helped me through a tough time at the moment. thanks so much! i have been lurking this subreddit for quite a long time and decided it was finally time to start sharing my stories. please excuse any formatting errors (be gentle). this will be looooonnnggg background: i grew up in the pet store business. my dad moved us around a lot buying stores that were failing and then turning them around to re-sell. flipping them essentially. the last one we stayed in for many years so i have tons of stories. growing up in retail led to a steady string of other retail jobs as well so i will have plenty of stories to share. this is one of my favorites. the most common theme i see in tfr is the longing to be able to tell the shitty customers exactly what you think. this made working for my dad a great time. my dad is an amazing man. 5 minutes talking to him and he would have you writing him a check to purchase your own car from him. he could sell anything to anyone. he also gave zero f's what anyone thought of him or what he had to say. when customers threatened "never to come back" he would clear their items from the counter and show them to the door. he was brutal and truthfully a bit on the crazy side. one of the big problems in the pet store business is much of your inventory is alive and people (especially children) love teasing and poking at the animals. this is not only harmful to the animals but also creates a liability risk. anyone in the pet store industry will tell you that no amount of "danger: do not touch" signs will stand up against a lawsuit. which brings us to our wonderful customer. we will call her liar liar or "ll". her obnoxious young child (likely 7 or 8 years old) will be called "oc". i will be "me" and dad will be "dad". so late afternoon ll and oc come into our store to "browse" and likely just kill time. or perhaps buy a can of fish food. from the time they enter ll has zero idea where oc is and what he is doing. this kid is out of control. knocking things off of shelves. running. just a little asshole. meanwhile ll is oblivious and browsing. our store was decent sized for an independent pet store and we had the best fish room in the state (built by myself - shameless plug but hey i am still proud after all these years). so ll is off in the fish room while oc makes his way to the exotic birds section. another of our specialties. there were many very sweet and very expensive birds there and we were quite protective of them. oc is being very loud. yelling at the birds etc. i come by and catch him poking at a very sweet amazon parrot that we had purchased from a family who could not keep her very recently and she was still acclimating. this bird was sweet and talked like crazy. this was the only time i heard her scream. i took a play straight from dad's playbook and asked oc where his parents were. he said he didn't know. so i led him to the front counter and instructed him to stay there with an employee while i located his mother. when i found his mother i explained to her what had happened and that he was no longer allowed to roam our store unattended as he was a danger to himself and our animals. she storms to the front, grabs her child and leaves in a huff. i should mention here that the conversation with ll took place in the fish room. directly on the other side was dad's office and the tops are open (not full walls). a couple of hours later ll calls and asks to speak to the owner. call gets transferred to dad and happened as follows: ll: i was in your store with my son and your employee was very rude to both of us. he said terrible things about my son, swore at him and me, grabbed my son by the arm and threw us both out of your store! i want him fired!! i was prepared to spend a gajillion dollars at your store!! dad: i am very sorry to hear that. please give me some time to get to the bottom of it and give me a call back tomorrow. what ll didn't know was that dad had witnessed oc's behavior, saw me escort him to the counter and then retreated to his office where he heard our entire interaction. next day ll calls back for dad... ll: i called yesterday and i want to know if that employee has been fired. i will call the bbb blah blah blah!!!! dad: well... i was gonna deal with this while on the phone with you yesterday but i thought a day for you to come to your senses may have helped you. i see that it didn't. i saw your child destroying my store and my property. i saw him terrorizing my animals. i saw the employee, my son, lead him to the counter and speak with him respectfully. i saw you ignoring your child while he destroyed my property and further i heard the entire exchange between my employee/son and yourself. so i thought about firing him but then i realized that you and your child are both assholes and i would prefer you never enter my store again. thank you for the customer feedback. fuck off. *click* my dad was the best. if you want to hear more i would be glad to post more. maybe next will be the time that he chased a customer out to his car... edit: when dad chased a customer to his car... edit: i am so glad you guys love this story. i have so many more and it makes me feel so good to remember him this way. yet to come... directing traffic in a busy intersection just to see if people would do what he said... mashed potatoes in an employee's ear while they were speaking to a customer. seriously. he never quit. if i could only learn to live like he did. last edit: i have gotten a few comments about how extreme my dad's behavior was. i just want to say that i agree. it was extreme and he was out of his effin mind. but what made him great was that he said what he felt and did what he chose. he never let other's opinions of him affect him. not once. he lived life on his his terms and did the things most of us wish we could do. he went where he wanted. he took chances. at 42 years old and playing it safe my entire adult life i am now trying to learn to live as he did. he is the most amazing and strongest person i have ever known. some of his antics sound crazy. as his only child i am here to tell you that they were all far beyond crazy. but he lived life. i work produce in a higher end grocery store. the following took place on a weekday afternoon a few weeks ago. i was stocking something when a middle aged lady in glasses called me over. not obnoxiously just sort of caught my attention and raised her fingers next to her head smiling all the time. i asked if i could help her. "yes, are these apples organic?" she asks. the sign says so. "yup, they're organic." i point to the sign. she scrunches up her face and shakes her head a little. "but they're from chile." "yeah, organic apples from chile. it's the off season for apples so that's where we're getting this variety of organic apple from." she screws her face up further. long pause. "but they're from chile." not sure what she wants here. "yeah, organic apples. from chile. that's where we get this variety of organic apple from this time of year." "how can they be organic if they are from chile?" she asks next. "the orchard would have to be certified to grow organic apples and that certification would have to be approved by the usda or else they couldn't sell them as organic in the us." i say. she shakes her head again. "see, you don't know about those other countries. they could just say that these are organic." "they can't be imported and sold as organic unless they meet usda organic requirements." looking to just end this i offer, "let me go get the box for you." i run into the back and grab a box top from the back stock. same variety, same orchard. has all the information including a prominent usda certified organic label. she inspects the box. "but how do i know i can trust the usda?" "well, it's the government agency that certifies all organically labeled produce for sale in the us." "the government. like i should trust the government. these are from chile." she hands me the box top back. i'm not entirely sure what she wants from me here. "this all just seems kinda screwy. don't you think?" she says leaning in conspiratorially. at this point i've dropped retail politeness. "no, i don't think so." another long pause as she stares at me. "i mean, you know how those people are. you can't trust them." "why would that be?" i asked. "you know. it's just in their nature to...you know." she's acting like we're good pals sharing a joke. "no, i don't know." she stares at me for another long, awkward moment. she then laughs some like she's trying to cover up her last statement. she then just sort of shuffled off. yesterday i was on the phone when this a 2 1/2 year old comes toddling up to the counter. she waited patiently for me to finish and then asked, "mumble mumble eeeeeeeeeeeeeee bar bar." i looked at her mother for help. "she wants to know if you have any berenstain bears books." i said, "oh! i think so. let's go look." i came around the counter, and she grabbed my hand. adorable! the kid was wearing a pink hello kitty shirt, camouflage pants, and pink sequined hello kitty shoes. i told her i admired her fashion sense. we hunkered down in the kids' books to hunt out the elusive berenstain bears books. i sell used and new books, and the kids' section defies organization. i try to keep everything corralled, but if i leave it for an hour it devolves into chaos. so i told the little girl to look with me, and we made kind of a game out of it. we found her books, plus a few extra, and chatted pleasantly about kitty shoes and dora the explorer, and how bears are experts at camping. when kids are awesome (or at least not ravening hellspawn) i generally give them stickers. i had been cleaning out the back room and found the treasure box that was left over from a pirate promotion we did. it's full of cheap toys, candy, and for some reason, packages of cheese balls. i let her pick something out from the treasure box, and she went right for the cheese balls. "cheese balls!" she exclaimed. i said, "that sounds like a battle cry. cheese balls!" and i punched my fist into the air. so she punches her little fist in the air and yells, "cheese balls!" then she runs down the aisle bellowing "cheese balls!" later, her mom left me a message on facebook saying that while her daughter always loved reading, she had never had as much fun picking out books before. she had pronounced our bookstore the best one ever and had been yelling "cheese balls!" after she finished each book. i love my job.i just recently started posting and realized how many crazy things have happened to me in all the years i've worked in retail. i've gotten good responses on my stories so far. y'all are awesome! on to the story! i was working for a well known cell phone company as a sales/ tech. in a rich white neighborhood. a lot of these ladies are mean as fire and their children are just as bad, sometimes worse. this kid was worse. her mother, even though she had a expensive looking manicure and salon style blonde hair, looked threadbare. the little girl who was about 9 or 10 immediately caused a scene in my store. my other co-worker was out to lunch so i received no back up against the little monster. little girl **(lg)** mom **(m)** me **(me)** **lg** *i want this one! i want this one!* pointing to the most high end phone we have that just came on the market the week before. **m:** *honey, why don't we start you out with an older model to see how you do with it, you already have an ipod and a tablet..* **lg** reaching an octave that could potentially shatter glass *i want this one!!!!!!* **m:** sighing and turning to me *can we get* [expensive phone on blah account] i go in the back to grab the device out of inventory **me:** *we have gold, silver....* **lg:** still screaming *gold! i want gold!* i start the process of putting the phone onto the account and setting up the device. **me:** to the mother (she refused to put insurance on the device for some insane reason) *well i highly recommend a case, these phones can be easily broken* **lg** *no i want everyone to see its gold!* **me:** to the mother *we have clear cases* **lg:** *no!* the mother tried to convince her daughter to no avail to put a case on the phone but eventually gives up. i finish the sale and the little girl starts jumping around the store with her new phone. her mother tiredly says goodbye and they walk out of the store. right as they get outside the little girl swings herself in a circle and the phone goes flying out of her hands straight into the concrete. both of them freeze and turn ashen. then the little girl starts to scream. the mother looks back at me with wide eyes and i just shrug. the phone was completely shattered, the screen still worked but they had to make a trip to the repair store so the mom could pay another hundred something dollars to have the screen replaced.. i'm sure the kid screamed the entire way. i work at a gas station, and because it's family owned and i'm the son of the owner, i get to have a lot of leeway with giving customers discounts, and i like to help people out a bit, and i use that leeway a lot anyway, a woman comes in today and buys 2 packs of cigarettes, a king size candy bar, a 20 ounce coke so i give her the three pack deal price on the cigarettes and instead of the candy and drink being 1.69 each i just give it to her for $3 even, making the total $16 even well when i tell her the total, she says "that's not right, that's way too much!", so i tell her how i did it, i tell her i charged $6.50 for each pack of cigarettes, and $1.50 each for the pop and candy. she, however, is still adamantly refusing to believe that that is the correct price. she asks to see my manager. well, i pretty much am the manager, and i don't feel like dealing with this. so instead, i tell her "you know what? you're right- i charged you the wrong price." so i recalculate the total to $17.18 and i tell her i had given her a discount originally. she realized her mistake and asked for the lower price. i told her if she doesn't like this price, then she'll have to go somewhere else (even with the non-discounted price we're still cheaper than the gas stations around us). she sulked and paid for her stuff without saying a word that's a victory in my booksi was working the register one day when a customer comes up, and everything about him tells me he is one angry customer, one i won't be meeting again.. or so i thought. he's pretty much huffing and puffing before i even say hi, and something tells me i'll know why in about 2 seconds. our store is very focused on customer satisfaction and we'll do just about anything to get them happy, so i put on a smile and greet him: me: hi, did you get an ordernumber from one of my colleauges? him: this is outrageous, i shouldn't have to bring the price for the item i'm buying, this is unacceptable!! me: (as i'm taking the paper with his order from his hand)i'm sorry, what happened? him: (his raised voice now gathering some interest from other customers) i visited your website, and the price there is 10$ less than here in the store. me: i'm very sorry, we probably haven't changed the pricetag yet, but the price of your order is the same as online. him: that doesn't matter, it's fraud. me: but the price for the product you're buying is the same as the online price, and if it hadn't been, we'd be more than happy to match that price. i'm sorry for any inconvenience, but this is the same price that you saw online? him: that's not the point, it was more expensive!! you should tell your manager, you are committing fraud! me: (my patience wearing thin) sir, i am the manager, and we will always match any price you find online, including prices from competitors, but sometimes we have special deals online. we do not claim to always have the same price online as we do in out store, but if you as a customer find the same product anywhere else and tell us, we are more than happy to give you that price as a thank you for giving us your business. if we did promise to have the exact same price in our stores as we do online, but didn't, that would be breaking marketing laws, but it would not be considered fraudulent. (i used to study law, and usually i would just smile and nod, but as he was now screaming, and a line was forming, so i had a vain hope that he would calm down if i spoke to him) him: not fraudulent?!?! are you serious? i am a lawyer, i have driven here all the way from my house in (affluent area of town) and don't you think i know what fraud is, you have no right to tell me i am wrong and i will go to the papers with your fraud..." after this, i just gave up. he was on his way out the door, still screaming about our "fraud" and i took a deep breath and turned to my next customer. fast forward 2 months: i'm long overdue to meet my so's family, and as we've moved in together, it's about time. i'm nervous as hell, cause i'll meet them all at once and i don't know anyone there. but, as it turns out, i've met my so's grandfather before.. i left my scan-gun on my buggy while i got a bike down, and when i turned around it was gone. i look everywhere, and no go. either a manager or associate stole it (we have a limited amount, and someone will always take it) so i'm a bit miffed. suddenly i see a lady in bright red walking over to the hardware department with my scan-gun in her hand. i confront her and she has a fit about how theres nothing that says "associate use" on there, and how theres no price checkers in this store. i explain to her how it's associate use only and we have price checkers in 3 different departments, or she can ask an associate to scan the price for her behind a register. no good, she starts flipping out claiming it's fair use because it was on a cart and nobody was using it, therefore it should be hers. again i tell her the options she has for price checking, and she doesn't want to hear it. i'm, about to get a manager over here because she won't let up. another lady approaches, a young girl i'd say 10-11. she calls the lady mom, and begs her to go because she's "tired and doesn't feel good". the lady calms down but, swears she'll never shop at this rotten store again. the little girl silently words "sorry" as they're leaving. sometimes i wonder... i work part-time as a cashier at a grocery store. i enjoy my job because i get to meet so many different people and learn about cooking and food, subjects i know very little about. that said, you guys know what the pay is like. happiness doesn't pay the rent. yesterday, i checked my bank account and saw that i have to make $148 stretch another week til payday. i turn 29 next week and this is my life. my customers ask me if i'm in school, which is a fair question, but i got both a college degree and a trade school certification 7 years ago. i'm embarrassed that my peers are climbing the ladder at their companies and i'm sacking groceries wearing an oversized polo shirt. yesterday was a tough day and i felt really depressed when i clocked in. but a french woman and her wonderful daughter turned it all around. a mom and her 8 year old daughter approached my counter with an overflowing cart and the mom pulled out a collection of huge re-usable bags. mom stationed herself next to me behind the counter ready to bag her groceries and the little girl said "i want to scan!" and reached into the cart and started scanning bar codes like a pro. my first thought was "oh no! she's going to mess something up!" but my coworker and i both helped her by handing her items with bar codes and passed them to her mother who filled up her bags and we had a little assembly line going. it was fun! when we got to the fruits and vegetables that must be weighed, i took over because i thought she couldn't do it, but then i remembered that she was born into a world with iphones and this wouldn't be hard for her. so i invited her back around and showed her how to find the plu numbers and type them in and she just had the time of her life standing on her tip toes ringing up produce. finally, she rang up the last item and i showed her how to tear the receipt which she proudly handed to her mom across the counter. an older man was next in line and i was afraid he would complain about the extra wait time. instead he said: &gt;"that was fun! you know what that mom was teaching her daughter? she was teaching her that all work is honorable, no matter what it is." sometimes i need to be reminded too.  last night i got to witness some great stupidity in action. as i was going to take my break security flew past me, and stopped some woman at the door. she made a huge scene, but they took her off to the back, and called the cops. as i was coming back from break the police show up. i of course returned to work i was not getting involved with the situation. about 10 minutes pass, and a woman walks up to me, and asks if she could speak to a manager. i call a manager, and they come out to talk to her. turns out the shop lifter was a 16 year old girl stealing makeup. the woman was her mom who was contacted by police to get her daughter who was just given a no trespass order, and a citation to appear in court. the day passed on without anything out of the ordinary. towards the end of my shift i was talking to one of our security, and said i saw them bust the girl earlier that day. he then tells me it got better than that, and he told me the story. the mother was taken to the back of the store by the manager, and the police were still processing the girl they busted. the mother was asked to wait, and told it would be 10 to 15 minutes while they did the paperwork. the mother asked if she could get a few things, and was told it was ok. the mother is walked back to the sales floor, and shops around. while shopping she was being followed by another security worker. the woman grabbed some groceries, and went by our hair care section, and got a brush, and a 60 dollar hair dryer. she then proceeded to unbox the hairdryer, and shove it in her purse. security stopped her there, and took her to the back. the police did not appreciate the extra work, and apparently the mother was busted before stealing at a different store. so they decided to arrest her outright. the father was contacted, and he came in to get his daughter. the father was pissed off, and had asked the cops for a copy of both the citations. the dad was going to use it to his advantage to get custody of the daughter. the mother apparently was caught stealing so many times the father divorced her for it. i was told the dad was on the phone with his lawyer about getting full custody while he was taking his daughter out of the store. one hell of a day for security. my story requires a little bit of a prelude to know how things work in the restaurant i work at. i work at a mongolian grill all you can eat buffet. there is a huge buffet of raw vegetables, means, and sauces. you throw what you want in a bowl and bring it up to the grill. we fit about 14 meals on the grill at a time, and everyone stands in line waiting for their meal to be cooked. when it is almost done we go to the first meal on the grill and offer teriyaki to the first person in line, and then the second, and so on. fairly regularly people decide not to stand in line, and then fail to correct us if we are pointing at a meal that doesn't belong to them and ask if they want teriyaki on said meal. so, mistakes happen. enter mega-bitch. mb is here with her family. all their meals are on the grill, but she does not stay in order, but switches with her son. her son wants teriyaki, she does not. but, being switched, she gets it. she points out the mistake and the cook (fortunately i was not cooking at this time, while normally i would be) apologizes profusely and offers her another bowl. she refuses the bowl and proceeds to curse about what a fucking moron he is, doing so loudly so the whole restaurant can hear. she refuses to eat, although her family sits down to eat. she complains loudly the entire meal. when they go to pay she complains to the hostess, and she offered to comp their drinks. the woman demanded that their food be free because of the terrible service they received. the hostess tells her "the cook offered you another bowl, they tried to fix the problem, no one treated you horribly." the woman retorts something like "i'm going to get online and write a terrible review of this place!" the hostess smiles at her and says "good. you do that" probably holding back laughter at the woman by this point. and then, out of nowhere, and right over her son, she punched the hostess square in the face. then her and her family left. one of the waitresses ran outside and got the license plate number. not only that, they paid with a groupon! so it was easy to track her down. the police arrested her, and the hostess pressed charges. what's really great is that a few months before that hostess had been in a car accident that fucked up her neck, and it wasn't healed yet. that punch, which normally one could take quite well, sent her physical therapy back to stage 1 which made it count as a new injury, which made that woman's punch assault. and, that punch being thrown over her child counted as child endangerment. the best part... she was a special needs teacher! and with a felony charge you can't work with kids, so as a result she also lost her job! i'm shocked anyone could be that aggressive. more so that such a person worked with kids. but i am extremely happy her life is completely fucked up now! edit: i meant it became a felony, not that it became an assault. my bad.i worked at a furniture store. but instead of selling furniture, i worked at the restaurant in the front. a little context. we have a thing called the family card, which is basically a loyalty/rewards card. when you get a new family card, you get one free frozen yogurt (an ice cream) at the restaurant at the front, where i worked. to get this card, you just need to type at least your name, dob, and email at an automated vending machine. it is not checked, so you can just come here and make one with a fake name and email, and choose a dob that is over 18. so one day, a mom arrives with three kids. she will be smartass (sa) and i will be me: &gt; me: hi, how are you toda- &gt; sa: three frozen yogurts please. well, at least she said "please". &gt; me: okay, that will be $3.12. &gt; sa: (*hands me three of the coupons that come with the cards*) &gt; sa: do i still need to pay tax on these? &gt; me: ... looking at the timestamp on the coupons, they were just made that day a few minutes apart from each other. they couldn't be for her kids, the terms &amp; conditions clearly say "anyone over the age of 18 can join [storename] family." bitch, two can play at this game. &gt; me: who do these cards belong to? &gt; sa: umm... that one's mine and the other two belong to my friends. &gt; me: these were made a few minutes ago. are your friends still here? &gt; sa: i... uhh... i... can i see your manager? &gt; me: i am the manager. &gt; sa: fine. (*hands me a credit card*) c+ for effort.when i was younger i worked in a pet shoppe for about 6 years. this was an on and off again position, based on both the store's and my need for work. while i was there, a young homeless gentlemen named daniel started coming in to the pet shoppe to get food for his pup. it was an adorable teenage german shepherd girl, who was way too friendly and derpy. the guy was really kind and that store has always catered to the poor or down trodden more then any other store i know of. my boss (the owner) was a former drug addict and so she always hired people who just needed to work, and did her best to take care of her home community through the store. she gave him a collar, leash and some food for the pup. in thanks he started coming in and cleaning every once and a while, and she reciprocated by buying him lunch (more like a massive meal) each time. this became a regular thing. the owner then started ordering good quality but cheap pet food and charging homeless people only the cost of ordering it. same for collars and leashes. then she started a drive for people to donate to cover the cost of those items so someone in need could come in and get their pet something to eat. daniel continued to come in and clean. after a few months, we had a drive to donate blankets and coats to the homeless with the promise of 20% off their order if they brought in something (as long as it wasn't garbage basically) other pet stores started doing this too just to maintain foot traffic. and still daniel continued to clean. within a year every pet store in town had homeless drives or free supplies to pets of homeless people. the local vet started offering free puppy shots to the homeless (since we had started doing that as well as everything else.) this was all because of daniel was just trying to earn a decent meal and take care of his pup. one day a homeless man came in; really young and honestly likely still high. he asked to speak with the owner (this was common) and so my boss comes down. all he said was that daniel was dead. he was gone, this kind young man who was on a downside but was working to improve his life. he overdosed the night before. sure enough the derpy german shepherd pup was sitting outside (she was now much too large for the store) just kind of sadly staring at the blank wall across the street. the guy asked for a sandwich (not understanding how daniel had worked for a meal but just assumed that the boss gave them out) but the boss gave him her own food and went back inside with the shepard pup. the guy didn't want the dog, so my boss took her home. years later the town is now in the process of building a safe homeless "park". just a sheltered place to sleep but it's specifically designed to help people stay dry and warm on wet nights. this town went from anti-homeless to support for the homeless in a little over a year (though the park is very new and all this happened 5 years ago) all because of daniel. i just hope that he knows what an impact he made wherever he is. **update:** thank you to the person who gave me gold because they thought it was "a true golden tale"! i've never received gold but it was touching to find it, so thank you, especially because i didn't earn it but because daniel did. i will be xposting this to r/homeless shortly, as was recommended, but please give me time to do so. :) i'm really grateful for all the positive feedback; my boyfriend yelled at me when i was posting this in the morning because i took so long. however that was only because today we were moving and i was in bed on reddit an hour after i was supposed to be ready! he then apologized after i just opened this to over 1700 upvotes while at dinner after we finished moving for the day. he laughed, and i clapped, and i'm sure the other customers in the american-chinese restaurant thought we were crazy. the usual.i worked at a bookstore. the phone rang and i answered it. &gt;caller: hi, i wanted to see if you have a book. &gt;me: sure, what's the title. &gt;caller (speaking slowly): it's called "a confederacy of dunces" by john kennedy toole. t-o-o-l-e. &gt;me: yes, we do have that. let me put you on hold for a second to make sure it's on the shelf. i go to the shelf and pick up 2 copies, a hardback and a paperback. then i return to the call. &gt;me: yes, it's here. we have a hardback for $35.95 and a paperback for $19.95. do you want me to hold one of those for you? &gt;caller (speaking in a way that suggests he's writing this down): okay, you have a hardback for $35.95 and a paperback for $21.95. &gt;me: no, no. $19.95. &gt;caller: $14.95. &gt;me: no, $19.95. &gt;caller: $21.95 &gt;me (slowly): no, it's 19 dollars and 95 cents. &gt;caller: $15.95. &gt;me (loud and clear as i can): $19.95. &gt;caller: $21.95. &gt;me: yes, that's correct. should i hold the paperback for you. &gt;caller: i'd like the hardback. i don't remember anything after that because i blacked out. alright, time for update 2. for those just joining in on this clusterfuck, [this]( is the first post, and [this]( is the second post. so basically, 2 big things happened today, and i will try to explain them in as much detail as possible. (1) i woke up bright and early and made a call to corporate. my plan here was simply to state that i needed my issue investigated further, even if it seemed like there was no problem on their end. as expected, the person on the other end of the phone told me the same thing that they had already told me the first time i had called. but then i said the magic word; subpoena. as soon as i made the calm, yet firm threat, the person immediately told me to hold on for a second. he got his supervisor on the line, to whom i explained my situation once again, and he assured me that he would see into the matter. oh, and i also asked for a way to e-mail the president of the company, and i sent an e-mail to him explaining my situation as well. so that was that, but i didn't stop there. see, i had another plan; i was going to catch my manager myself red-handed. you know, just in case corporate dun goofs. (2) so i walk into work, and i immediately go into the manager's office. i stand in front of him, and the conversation goes like this: **me**: i have to speak with you about something really important. **manager**: can it wait? i need to finish looking over these documents before 12. **me**: no, it can't wait. **supervisor's name** told me that my clock in and clock out time from lunch 3 days ago was not on the log. i know i punched out and in, so what happened? **manager**: huh... weird. i'll look into it for ya, alright? **me**: oh no need! i already called corporate, and they said they'd look into it personally. at this point, i had the widest shit-eating grin i have ever had in my life. it felt good man. **real** fucking good. the manager audibly gulps at this point, no doubt shitting bricks. **manager**: you know, that wasn't really necessary. you could have come to me about this first. **me**: oh i know, but i just didn't want to waste your time, seeing as how you're always busy and all. you have more important things to do, like look over documents. at this point, he visibly begins to get annoyed by my attitude and my sarcastic tone. but i'm just enjoying it way too much. **manager**: now listen, tomato_ketchup, i'm not really liking your tone right now. **me**: i apologize. anyways, i just wanted to give you a heads up in case corporate asks you any questions. you know how they are. at this point some of you might be thinking why i said that last part. why? because i had a *small* suspicion that since he is a recently-made manager (3 months now), he probably didn't know that the system logs all deletions and re-entries. sure, you would be told this if you become manager, but i was trying my luck at this point because (a) i don't see who else could have deleted my log times, and (b) if it was him who deleted them, he obviously didn't know about the fact that the deletions are tracked. so what was my end-game here? simple. i was hoping that due to this threat about corporate, he would simply go back and **add** my times back onto the log. and guess what? he did *just* that. a couple of minutes after our conversation he comes up to me and tells me: **manager**: tomato_ketchup, i found out what the problem was. there was a glitch in the system and apparently it didn't register your punches. but everything is fixed now. your log times should be there now. **me**: wow, thanks. i appreciate it. **manager**: no problem... but wait a minute, there's more! just a couple of hours into my shift, i see the manager leaving the store, angrily slamming the manager office's door on his way out. when i asked my supervisor buddy what had happened, the conversation went like this: **me**: dude why is he so angry? **supervisor**: i don't know. he was with corporate on the phone for a few minutes and then he asked me why i told you that the time logs were missing. hold up let me find out. so my supervisor runs out the front doors to catch up with my manager. they talk for a while outside, after which my manager gets into his car and angrily drives off. then my supervisor comes back inside, walks up to me, and says: **supervisor**: dude. i'm sorry to tell you this but he's fucked. corporate found evidence of data tampering in the punch-in log. apparently he deleted your times yesterday, and added them back today this morning to cover his ass. **me**: wow... **supervisor**: yep... **me**: how didn't he know about the system's ability to track that stuff? **supervisor**: i don't know man. so there's that. he will probably get fired and i will probably... well, keep my job. i could not have done with without you guys or your support, and i certainly could not have come up with half of the ideas or thought processes that got me out of this hole. and for those of you saying that i should have just let it be instead of causing more problems? no. that is **not** how you do things when someone is trying to *fuck* with your life. thanks again for all your support. i hope i have more stories to share with you all in the near future (hopefully customer-related and not job-threatening). tomato_ketchup, signing off. peace. **edit**: wow. thanks for the gold! totally unexpected!my bakery started offering our cakes on discount from now until christmas. most of our customers love that, but some are nothing but suspicious. i had to deal with one of them yesterday. "so, you lowered the price, huh?" "yes, they will be on discount until christmas" "but, are they the same cakes you used to make?" "of course they are exactly the same". "did you change the cream you use?" "no, we didn't change anything, they are the same as you know them". "well... ok... i guess i'll buy one". she chose one from our ready ones, but she still hesitated. "it's fresh isn't it?" "of course, it's excellent." "are you *sure* it's fresh?" "oh yes it was made this morning, it's perfect". "the people i am taking it to, know cakes." "what do you mean ma'am?" "they will know if it's fresh or not" "ok, i told you it's perfectly fresh" "you know, there will be children there and they will eat from this cake". "it's fresh, i promise. look, i wouldn't give you something old, the discount is simply promotional. we don't just make cakes, let them get old and *then* sale them on discount. we're offering it for every cake from now until christmas." i'm not sure she was convinced, but she finally left. one time i had a man ringing through my cash and i got a genuine headache from interacting with him. &gt;customer: i heard if you tell the cashier you want 50% off, they have to give it to you. &gt;me: ha ha, that would be great wouldn't it. &gt;customer: so is it 50% off? i want 50% off. &gt;me: nope, there's no sales today, sorry. &gt;customer: what about this shirt *picks up the item i just scanned* how much was it? &gt;me: it was $2.99. &gt;customer: yeah, but how much with the 50% off. &gt;me: there's no discount today. now his wife has joined him in line and asks him what we were talking about, she heard something about a discount? &gt;customer: yeah, if you tell the cashier you want 50% off, they have to give it to you. &gt;wife: (to me) really? &gt;me: no, there's no sales on today, sorry. &gt;wife: oh, okay! no problem. now the guy doesn't take a single pause from here on out. &gt;customer: i want 50% off, were those pants 50% off? does the 50% off just come off at the end or is it taking it off now? whatever the total is just take 50% off. i want that picture frame for half-price too. i couldn't even muster a smile anymore, straight-faced i unhappily ring through his items. i tell him his total. &gt;customer: yeah, okay just take off the discount. what was it, half off? &gt;wife: would you stop it, you're being so embarrassing. &gt;customer: it's just a joke. he looks at me in the eyes and said. &gt;customer: jeez, you could at least smile. in another post i was asked about stories from my stint at an adult store. this is probably my single most favorite. it was a normal morning, a few rental customers, but otherwise not much activity yet. my coworker and i were rather bored as all our cleaning and organizing had been completed. pretty sure we were talking about the new pirates fleshlights that had came in a few days prior. the door jingles and in walk a couple. the man was not hesitant at all about walking in. however, the woman was. she was partially hiding behind his back, nervously glancing around like she thought a dildo was going to jump out at her. when she saw my coworker and i (both women) behind the counter she seemed to relax a bit. her boyfriend grabbed her hand and dragged her over to the high priced toy cabinet, and started talking to her about what he wanted to get her. my coworker and i stopped paying much attention at that point as he obviously had been in before and knew to ask for help. she was nervous, but it got much worse as he then started to go farther into the store. while the high priced toys are up front, the farther you go back...the more "exotic" the toys get. while you start with the cutesie almost novelty vibrators, it ends in items like the american challenge and a full hand and fist. next to those was the bdsm toys. she started muttering that she really shouldn't be in there when they started at the vibrator wall. it got louder, and interlaced with "i'm a good catholic girl, this is wrong!". not the first time this has been said in the store, so i don't pay it much attention. what i didn't expect was when she reached the american challenge. it's giant, it's purple, and can be quite a shock. it has never, however, pushed someone to hysterics. she started panicking. and crying. and fanning her face. "why would someone do that! that is so wrong! they need to find jesus!" then she saw the fist, and cried even harder. she started backing up out of the section, swearing at her boyfriend for bringing her in there. then she saw the little glass case that we knew would get us a little flack, but it was worth it. this company makes silicone molded toys. no vibrating, but very high quality. the subject matter: the baby jesus (a plug), the virgin mary, the devil, ect. there was even a model of the bible you could use if you were a guy to...screw. she screamed, pointing at the case. and very quickly decided to get mad. at us. "you are going to hell for this! how dare you use them like that! i'm reporting you to...to...someone!" she ran out of the store, with her boyfriend almost on the floor laughing. he knew exactly how she was going to react, and did it anyway. we also started laughing after he left. what did she expect? we will never know. tl;dr: a woman finds jesus in an adult store. decides not to screw herself with him. edit: two gold?! damn, you guys really do like dildos...for a few years, my dad and i had our own pizza place in the middle of nowhere, midwest. working with my dad was nice enough, the guy looks like tom sellick and never stops making boner jokes, so we had fun. what you need to know about our town is that, holy crap, we had factories out the ass. an entire stretch of highway leading to our most-traveled interstate is nothing but factories which employed almost half the town. we also had a lot of problems with meth. well, not me personally. except this one time. our operation was small and simple. a walk-in joint where you just carry your food out. the kitchen was simple and streamlined so two or three people could crank out 200 hand made pizzas in a couple hours. and we were proud of our food, by god, it's some damn tasty pizza. (cheese on top or your pizza's a joke) now with a town of our size, we're bound to start making some regulars and we did. most of our regulars are genuinely cool people like the 90-year-old guy who just peeked his head into the door, pointed, and we knew exactly what the cheeky old bastard wanted. i can call him that, i counted his pennies. then we have these motherfuckers. local legend told us of this particular family as having moved in around the late 1800's and immediately made the place into a shitty bog. the youngest descendants of these groin-punchingly stupid settlers i prefer to call, simply, "the inbreds." because it's a brother/sister combo and their son with a face like a half-melted yankee candle. you fuckin' read that right, buddy. now the matriarch is a screeching harpy of a woman who always wore jean skirts and hair like a gray, beaten danny sexbang wig. you ever play skyrim? she's a hagraven. i shall refer to her from here on out as "hag." the phone rings. lunch has began. the skalds will sing of this day. moi: "(a place of heavenly pizza and divine sauces from the generous hand of the autumn dragon)'s, what can i make you?" hag: "yeah i want a cheese." myself: "i'm guessing that's a cheese pizza." i know who the fuck this is. the caller id lights up in my face and i turn slowly to my father, dead-eyed and teeth slowly gritting. his mustache twinges. "so what size do you want?" hag: "large." me, the guy writing this: "okay, cool, can-" hag: "and i want it party cut." i don't know what the fuck that means, but i'll make it work just pleasegodgetherhorriblescreechingvoiceoutofmyhead. still me, brain slowly squishing from the pressure of her mighty condemned-esque powers (ha, spoilers): "okay, no problem. an-" hag: "i want a pepperoni." me: "okay wh-" hag: "with sausage on half." me: "alright, i-" hag: "and cheese on it." me: "no pr-" hag: "and sausage on the other half." me: "o-" hag: "and a thing'a' nacho cheese in the box." a second passes. another second. me: "alright any-" hag: "and pepperoni." we wrap it up, she gives me her phone number for some reason, and i tell her it'll be fifteen minutes. we get maybe halfway through the second pizza, which was about four minutes, and she's there. i think she was there the whole time. i don't know if she ever left. she fucking nightcrawler'd me. hag: "you better have that party cut." ugh. so we sort it out and she stands right at the window, staring at us. unblinking. i think she was smelling us, too. my dad and i continued our conversation as if she wasn't there and when the time to box them up and hand them over, she didn't have any money. she walks to the door, opens it, throws her head back and screams into the parking lot "jibby hah gimmun purse outcha treck!" it could have been english, it could have been curses in the tongue of the first men of the world, it could have been cain's final words to abel, but i do know that it echoed in the stillness of the parking lot and eventually settled in the sky to watch over the town with hateful, unblinking eyes. her son, a man unable to speak, handed her her purse and she walked back in to pay us for these cheesy monsters. me: "with the discount, comes out to 21.71." hag: "i ain't paying that." a raggedy hand of leathery flesh slaps against the counter with all the haunting images of a butcher's abbatoir fluttering into my skull. me: "it's at least three dollars cheaper than the last time you came in. i'm even giving you a topping for free." hag: "it ain't a topping 'cause the cheese is on top stupid." me: "if you want to have that debate, sure. it'll be another four dollars." hag: "i wanna talk to your manager." me: "you know that i own this place with my dad, here. you're aware of this, i've made sure since you tried to return a three-day old pizza last week that you ate all but the crust of." oh, yeah, she's a special lady. hag: "you better shut your mouth." me: "just pay me, spears. pay for your food like a real person and go home. that's where you eat the food or feed the people in your basement before you eat them, i guess." my dad is losing it. i took a hiatus of a few years after deploying to iraq, and it seemed like he was pretty happy to have me back as he struggled not to laugh out loud. hag: "fine but you better not sass me next time." me, the guy with a bender tattoo on his ass: "just pay and get out. and if you call back one more time to try and scam us out of free food, i'm putting your picture on the door and you'll never be allowed back in." she handed me the money. well, handed is being generous. she took a twenty and a five into her leathery claws and balled them up so she could drop them onto the counter and spat on my floor. yes. she spat on my floor. yes, it was black. my dad started laughing through his mustache and we got back to work. then his back stiffened about two hours later. he looked into the air, eyes searching for the sudden maleficent presence. the warning beacons of gondor were lit. the horses became frightened. somewhere, a dragon's bones began to stir. the god damn phone rang. me: "(international presidents of pizza and also rock 'n' roll)'s how ca-" hag: "you put sausage on my pizza and i didn't want no sausage you better give me a new pizza i'm drivin-" me: "sssssshhhhhhh. shhhh. okay, calm down, are you listening?" hag: "what?" me: "are you listening to me? this is important." hag: "yeah." me: "nope." hag: "what?" me: "nope. not doing it. don't bother calling back, we're done feeding you. you can try (chain pizza place we've shut down three times)'s, because they'll probably take your crap. for a while, anyway." and i hung up the phone. for every pizza she paid for, she got one for free. until that day. *an eagle screams* i get the retail struggles after years of going from place to place, and even dealing with dangerous stupidity in the army. when i finally returned to ownership with my dad, holy fuck on sale, it was the most cathartic experience to tell rude customers to suck it and get out.i used to work for a chain of video game stores that takes trade-ins on a regular basis. we offered cash for games (at a reduced rate) but could only give cash to people over 18. i believe it had something to do with pawn laws that we had to follow. anyway, a kid, who i'm guessing was between 15 and 17 years old comes in with his older brother one day. he's got a stack of games in his hands (some of them brand new) and informs me that he plans on trading them in. i ask him to head over to the counter and proceed to check over the games. a few of them are scratched to what i would consider to be beyond repair, but were still within the guidelines that allow me to accept them as trade. after i finish, i tell him that he can go ahead and look around and i'll have his transaction waiting for him when he's done. after a couple minutes he comes up to the counter and says he wants cash for the games. i was familiar with this young man and was pretty sure he wasn't over 18, but i asked him for his id anyway. as i suspected, he was underage. &gt;me: "i can't give you cash for your games as you're under 18, but i can give you store credit if you like. you can use it later when you find a game you want." he turns and looks at his brother and then agrees. i swipe an empty gift card through the register and he walks away with something like 15 or 20 bucks in store credit. he leaves with his brother and i move on with my day. less than an hour later, he comes back in and is pretty mad. he's saying his card didn't work. my first thought is that he went to the other store in our chain that happened to be less than 10 minutes away, so i ask him. &gt;me: "did you try it at the (our-other-location) down the street?" &gt;customer: "no, i was at (big-box-retailer-next-door)." &gt;me: "..." i almost face-palmed. the worst part was it took me about 30 minutes to explain to him why he couldn't use his store credit for our store at a different store. tl:dr - kid didn't understand that store credit didn't mean any store. edit: clarification when i was 16 i worked as a salesman in an electronics retailer. pretty fun job, i usually enjoyed interacting with the customers. usually. this was not one of those times. i was helping a couple that were after a new tv/home-cinema system. they bought the stuff, left and that was that. entirely uneventful. but then it happened. they returned. the man told us his wife had lost her bag, and since this was the only place they'd been it was clearly here. we checked the area i'd been talking to them, and nothing there. then i checked the lost &amp; found, nothing there. nobody had handed anything in... bugger. after hunting around the rest of the store failed to turn up anything, the manager told the customer that it didn't seem to be here, but we'd keep an eye out and contact him if it turned up. he thanked us and left. not 5 minutes later his wife stormed up to the manager and entered into a tirade about how she'd definitely left the bag here, we'd obviously stolen it, she was going to call the police, etc. she then stormed back out of the store, and my manager disappeared into the offices at the back of the store. a couple of hours later, she'd followed through on her threat and contacted the police. she came in with a pcso and asked for the manager. my manager came out, with a huge smile on his face. it turns out he'd disappeared into the back rooms to hunt through the cctv footage, and he gleefully showed the officer the footage of this woman walking out of the store with her bag. and another shot from the car park of her getting into her car, still with the bag. never have i seen a man with such a look of glee on his face before or since. it was fantastic. (we later found out that they found the bag under the seat in the car...she never did apologise.)it all started one afternoon when i went to a large blue tech chain with one of my friends to help him pick out a new cheap laptop. we walked over to the computers, looked over a handful of them, he asked me some questions about differences in processors and memory, then meandered off to go grab some games he also wanted. i hung around and was looking playing with the tablets they had on display when an older woman approached me: &gt;**woman**: "excuse me, can you help me with something?" &gt;**me**: "uh, sure, i guess, what do you need?" &gt;**woman**: "i need you to price match this computer with amazon." &gt;**me**: "oh i'm sorry, i don't work here, you'll need to talk to one of the employees for that." &gt;**woman**: "what do you mean? you were helping that other man just a minute ago." &gt;**me**: "he's one of my friends and i'm helping him pick out a new laptop, but i can't help you with price matching or anything like that" &gt;**woman**: "well fine! if you don't want to help me i'll just find someone who does!" she goes over to an actual employee and starts talking to them, and i think to myself "well that was weird" and move on. my friend comes back over and we start trying to decide between two laptops, when i suddenly hear her return. &gt;**woman**: "that's him! he refused to help me!" i turn around to find her standing there with a manager. &gt;**manager**: "ma'am, he's not an employee here, he can't help you with anything." &gt;**woman**: "but he's helping that man right there!" (pointing at my friend) &gt;**me**: "like i said before, i'm just helping my friend here pick out a new laptop. i am not an employee." &gt;**woman**: "i just wanted to price match this! is that so hard to do?!" &gt;**manager**: "i understand ma'am and i can take care of that for you over at customer service." he pointed her over towards the counter and she walked away with a huff, mumbling something about "some people just don't know their place" &gt;**manager**: "i'm sorry about this sir, she made it sound like you were one of our employees but clearly you are just here with your friend. sorry about that." &gt;**me**: "no problem, have fun with that." my friend and i promptly chose a laptop and got out of there, only to find out we had also parked right next to her. just as i thought we had escaped, she started at me again. &gt;**woman**: "how dare to you lie to your manager like that! you work here and i know it! i've seen you here before!" &gt;**me**: "listen lady, i don't give a shit what you think anymore. i don't work here, i've never worked here. i'm not wearing the blue shirt with the name tag and the big fucking logo, so fuck off." i got in the car and she started yelling at me through the window, spewing the usual "how dare you talk to me like that?!" and "i am your elder!" crap, tried to block my friend from getting into the passenger side (he just got in the back on the driver side), and even stood behind my car to prevent me backing up. as luck would have it the person who had been parked in front of me had left at some point while we were inside, so i just went for the pull through. as we circled around towards the exit she glared at me with all her might, and i just gave a big grin and a middle finger. **tl;dr**: crazy bitch thought i was an employee and tried to get me in trouble.okay so once in a while i read a story here about some poor bystander getting mistsken for an employee of a store, then promptly chewed out for not performing their not-job satisfactorily. today was my turn. i work for an event oriented business that operates out of an old house down the street from a big chain store that specializes in hardware that is used in the home. given the age of the house and the size of it, employees in uniform carry walkie-talkies with them, and we all wear black. now i dont know what possessed this woman to approach someone dressed in only black with a radio on their hip, but this lady was *pissed*. she storms through the aisle as i was looking for a piece of tubing to replace something in a drink dispenser down at the house (we usually got sent on errands during slow nights) and starts waving a receipt in my face saying "im here to return this!" okay, no problem, she just thought i was a manager or something. i tell her that i dont actually work there and she pretty much *loses it*. starts going on about how im avoiding dealing with her so the company can keep her money. at this point im a little bit rattled, never been mistaken for an employee like this before, so i quickly told her i would find somebody to help her out, repeating that i dont actually work there. thats when it happened... "hey cielavocyr, can i get you down to aisle xx real quick?" *shit* one of my coworkers decided to radio me at the worst possible time, as they were having trouble finding something in another aisle and wanted my help. the woman flips, saying that i am clearly lying to her about not working there and that lying is a crime that can get me arrested... then thank *god* a manager walks by and sees the commotion, carrying none other than a *very* similar radio on his hip. he explains that i dont actually work there and that she shouldn't be so accusatory of people's intentions. my hero. then he deals with the return, taking the receipt to check it out before walking over to returns, and as i walk away, i hear the faintest indiciation that the receipt was not in fact, even from this store. retail is strange. you guys are heroes. okay, so a friend of mine suggested i share this story and i think it's probably the best i have after working in retail for 10 years. a few years ago, i worked in a mall for a well known novelty store that also sold "adult" type merchandise. one day i was alone on the floor as my manager was in the backroom getting ready to leave. this somewhat normal looking guy walks in, i greet and him he pretty much ignored me(as per usual) and he continued to browse. he eventually came up to the register, put some stuff onto the counter and i smiled and began to ring up his purchase. i asked him if that was all he needed for today, and he gave me this strange look and proceeded to point out that our store has too much profanity. at this time i finally realized that all of the merch he had collected had at least some form of "fuck" on it. thinking he was just the typical shocked old man who had never been in this store before, i apologized and really didn't expect what happened next. crazy guy: "this is against the law! you can't sell these things! kids can see it!" me: "sir, there are warnings on the entrance of our store and we are allowed to sell these products, or else the mall would not let us be here." cg: "i'm calling the police!" yes, he pulled out his cell phone and called the state troopers right there in front of me. now, my manager had just emerged from the back, and had caught some of the conversation. as the guy was "reporting" us to the police, my manager went out into the mall and grabbed a security guard. meanwhile i'm standing there, completely shocked and amused wondering what this guy is going to do when the cops tell him they can't shut us down. cg:(still on the phone with the cops) "they said i can politely ask you to stop selling these products." by now, mall security arrived and escorted him out of the store. he, the guard, and my manager stood just outside the front window as the guard tried to explain to this man that he cannot do anything and if he insisted to harass us he would be kicked out. the man begrudgingly agreed but stood on the opposite side of the hall, glaring at our store for a good 10 minutes before finally leaving. oh, it doesn't end there. the next morning i had the opening shift, and guess who showed up? i immediately recongnized him, and decided against confronting him unless he got hostile. i watched him approach a bunch of tshirts, grab them, and promptly turn them over. he left soon after, but i still called security just in case. just as the guard arrived, the guy came back with the mall manager. i had to honestly hold back my laughter as this guy pleaded his case to the mall manager. props to the mall manager who listened patiently and then told the guy the same thing, along with "if you do not like the products they sell, then do not come in here." after that, i never saw him again.lurker, on phone, long time retail slave. some background. my father is a cpa who runs a small shop in the front of the office for extra income. he has no employees for the shop other then my sister and me when we were younger. so i was my birthday and my dad was gong to take me to lunch. as we were getting ready to head out a tax client came by and needed his taxes done "now". i know this won't take more then a hour so, i say no problem i will just run the shop to stay out of the way and we will get lunch after he is done. now the fun part i am in the front reading a book when in walks a customer. i put the book down and ask if i can help with anything. lady brushes me off so i go back to my novel. when she is done she comes to the front and i start ringing her purchases. she also wants two money orders for $500 each so i ring them in and give her her total. she pulls out a checkbook and asks for a pen, i inform her that money orders are cash only and give her the pen and her total for her items minus the money orders and the fees associated with them. she looks at me like she just realized i was the shit she stepped in on the way to work, and says "your new here, but the owner lets me write checks for money orders and gives me a 15% discount on all purchases." i say that's fine, she is more then welcome to come back when the owner is working. she instantly loses her shit and starts berating me, my looks, and anything she thinks i might like. i just sat there thinking, no good deed. when she realized i wasn't reacting she started throwing the packets of gum next to to register at me. so my dad hears the commotion and sticks his head out the door that connects the back offices to the front and sees this women throwing gum at me while i am dodging them, laughing and telling her to calm down. now when i said my dad is a cpa you probably envisioned a small balding man wearing a bad suit, change that image to a large hairy biker, that loves math, now you have a better idea of what he looks like. he quite calmly asks "my name, is there a problem?". hearing the owner this woman turns mid throw and says "the only problem here is that this bitch you hired won't do her job!!!" that is when i got the best present a retail worker could ask for, my dad responds "that bitch is my daughter, and it's her birthday. get the f**k out of my store and if i ever see you again here or even out on the street i am going to show you exactly how mad i am right now, run!" and she did she dropped every thing is her hands and hightailed it out of the store. my dad canceled the rest of his appointment which the client readily agreed to, and we went for a wonderful lunch. when the fourth book of the harry potter series came out, there was a printer's error in some of the us editions. a couple text blocks were identical, so parts of some chapters were repeated. we had some very angry people coming in for exchanges, but we were ready. we just swapped 'em out and were as cheerful as possible. ho, ho! the printer must have been drunk on butter beer. such wags we were. one lady came in furious though because her entire book was printed upside down. she angrily slid the book over for me to examine the poor quality standards in american manufacturing. i looked at the book, took the dust jacket off, turned the book around, put the dust jacket back on, and said, "flippicus jacketus!" she looked at me with such rage, and then dawn broke. she realized what she had done and started laughing. which is good because my boss at the time was not as nice as delores umbridge.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. two years ago, a woman stopped in to get some stuff to give to her kids as christmas presents. she had two boys (8 &amp; 15) and wanted me to help her pick out some stuff. i showed her some of the smaller things, but she actually ended up buying a big mortar kit for the kids, figuring that she could help them light them off and it would be more impressive. a few days after christmas, she came back and told me this story. it was just her and the kids, and they had had a great christmas. she thought her younger son would be excited by the fireworks, so she’d let him open it, but after he had ripped off the wrapping paper and seen what it was, he didn’t really say anything about it. she was sitting across the room from him, and asked him what the present was that santa had gotten him. he mumbled something and set the box aside. she was a little disappointed that he wasn’t more excited, but she didn’t say anything and they continued ripping open gifts. later that morning, after the gift hurricane had died down, she decided to ask him about the fireworks and went to grab the box. she couldn’t find it in the pile of presents and she didn’t see it in his room. it’s a good sized box, about 3 ft tall and 18 inches wide, so it shouldn’t have been hard to spot. she asks her son about the big box that santa had gotten him and he just shrugged his shoulders. it turns out; he had hidden the box under his bed. when he'd opened the present, he had quickly reasoned that if his mom found out that santa had given him a big box of fireworks, she would take them away. he had played it cool and hidden the box when she wasn’t looking. truly a child after my own heart.today, a lady walked in my bakery and bought some cookies. their price was something like 6.30 euros, but she only had 6 euros on her. since i'm the owner i told her that it's ok, 6 is enough. so i gave her a receipt for 6 euros (cash register) and she left. five minutes later she was back to complain. "the receipt says 6 euros" she said. "yes, that's right" i said. "but you said it was 6.30" i was so confused. "yes" i said "and you didn't carry enough cash, so i told you it was ok to pay me only 6". "but the receipt says that the price was only 6! you asked for 6.30. why did you ask me for 6.30 in the first place?" "because i type the price of the product, and then it's printed on the receipt". it took her a minute. "oh." "......" "ok then, bye." so much for trying to be nice. so back in 2011 i was working at a gas station doing the graveyard shift. i had a lot of regulars who would come in between 4 and 6, and most would say hi or try to make conversation. one guy (rg) never said anything, the most i ever got outta him were grunts, he was middle aged and worked in an auto shop from what i could tell. he also would never look at me. then one morning i had worn my roommates shoes over mine to work because i couldn't afford boots and my shoes had holes in them (midwinter with ~1.5 ft of snow on the ground) and a different regular asks about the men's shoes sitting behind the register. i explain and that guy laughs a bit then leaves. rg comes up with his coffee and i ring him up and go to hand him his receipt when he says, &gt;"write your shoe size down." i was dumbstruck, i had been ringing him up every day for a year and he never said anything to me. i was pretty sure he hated me. i told him it wasn't necessary. he practically yelled at me to write my shoe size down after that so i did. the next day he brought me a pair of really nice boots, i offered to pay him back but he refused. instead i rang up his coffee as an employee coffee (free) for the next year and a half. he never said anything to me after that either. edit: forgot to mention it was the middle of winter edit 2: this hit the front page! thanks guys! me, at my register. customer, paying for his phone card. customer: i'd like to pay with two different credit cards. put $20 on the first one, and the remainder on the rest. me: absolutely. i hit the partial card payment button on my screen, entered 2000, and hit enter. as the customer swiped his first card, it was declined. i showed him the little journal receipt that prints out and informed him of that fact. customer: yeah, because i want to pay $20 on this first card. you can't charge me for the whole thing. i just want $20 on the first card! me: i *did* enter $20 on the first card, sir. see, watch. partial card payment. 2-0. 0-0. enter. the customer sighs heavily and gets on his phone for about half a minute. i have no clue what he's doing until he hangs up. customer: alright. put $19 on the first one. i clear my screen and do as he says. lo and behold, he's left with a new total. the payment cleared and the second card with through fine as well. but the customer has one final thing to say before he leaves. customer: i'm sorry, sir. you were right. i was wrong. have a nice day. me: it's really honestly not a big deal. have a nice rest of your day. after the customer walks off, i ask myself, "did a customer *really* just say that?" i used to work fast food. i almost always worked in the drive thru since i was really good at it. this is a conversation i had one day. we'll call the customer c and the manager m, and i'll be msb. &gt;c- i'd like the number one meal, no pickles. i ring it in. &gt;msb- sure thing! what would you like to drink? &gt;c- i don't want a drink. so i undo it, and ring in the sandwich and fries separately since you cannot ring up a meal without a drink. &gt;c-what are you doing? &gt;msb- i just have to ring them up separately since you don't want the drink. &gt;c- but i want the meal! &gt;msb- can't ring it up as a meal without a drink sir. &gt;c- well why not? &gt;msb- computer doesn't let me, sir. &gt;c- i don't believe this, i want to talk to a manager enter manager who has been listening to this asinine conversation over the headset. &gt;m- i'm sorry sir, can you explain the issue to me? &gt;c- she won't ring up the meal! &gt;m- we can't ring it up as a meal without a drink sir. besides, **it's cheaper than the meal to order the two items on their own.** the customer starts making angry noises that may have been words. over the headset so that c can't hear it my boss says &gt;m- dude, what is he arguing? i can't figure out what he wants. &gt;msb- i have no idea. &gt;m- what kind of soda do you want? back to speaking with the customer, the manager rings up the meal and enters in the drink, but overrides the price of the drink, which was $0 anyway because of the way our system worked. &gt;c- i said i didn't want the drink! &gt;m- don't worry, you're not being charged for it, and it will not be given to you. it just has to be rung in this way. &gt;c- finally, god, no wonder you morons work here. yes, we're the morons. you're definitely not. you're the smart guy who just paid more than he had to despite our best attempts to help you and bought me a soda. edit: some people in the comments seemed to think that it was cheaper to order the meal than the burger and fries separately. i highlighted a sentence to show otherwise. i work as a cashier in the lumber department of a home improvement store. today a lady and her son, who was probably about three years old, came in to get some various pieces of lumber. as they were ringing out, i noticed a light brown praying mantis just hanging out on one of the pieces of wood. i jokingly said to the mom, "is that praying mantis yours?" she laughed and said it's been sitting there since they came in. the little boy seemed very interested in it, bending down just to observe it. when i was finished ringing everything up and the mom was about to slide her card, the boy yelled, "wait! i want to get something!" probably thinking he wanted a candy bar or something, his mom waited to pay. instead of picking out some candy or a drink, like most kids do, the boy gently picked up the praying mantis and brought it to my counter. he placed it down ever so carefully, and asked me, "can i please buy this? he's really cool." i looked at his mom and she nodded. so i turned to the little boy and said, "you can take him home and i won't even make you pay for him, because i can tell he likes you." the kid's face lit up and he just kept thanking me. the whole interaction brightened my day a little, because not only was the boy very polite, but it also reminded me of the wonder and excitement of being a little kid and finding a cool, new bug.i worked at a high fashion retail store that had a continual flow of older uppity southern women. i have always referred to my "clients" in 4 ways: sir, gentleman, young lady, and miss. i have been in high end customer service long enough to know that terms like "young lady" and "miss" is found charming; especially to our older cliental that hasn't been called a young lady in 4 decades. our checkout counters are a little higher, so i have to reach up a bit when i give them a pen and the receipt to sign. now, this lady was about 60 years old and as southern uppity as they come. i hand her the receipt and pen simultaneously &gt;"if you would sign on the bottom line miss:" she slaps me! like a nun slaps a kids hand with a ruler. i stand there, completely stunned.... did this woman just slap me?! she sternly says &gt;"i am not a miss, i am a ma'am!!" the only words i can think to whisper are &gt; "ummmm... sorry??" i now have to wrap up her items and bring them around the checkout counter to her. i "thank you so much ma'am. have a wonderful day ma'am." so thankful to be done with that mess, and getting over just being slapped in my own store, i see my manager approaching her. the evil old woman [eow] stopped to look at a few things before she left. my manager said &gt; "excuse me, but i've had several customers and associates tell me that you hit my associate." &gt;eow: hit? no, i slapped her. she disrespected me and had to be put in her place. &gt;manager: so, you did hit her? &gt;eow: yes. i have a title and it's not miss. i shouldn't have to teach manners. &gt;manager: miss, i will not tolerate verbal abuse and i definitly will not tolerate physical abuse of my staff. we have your information on file along with a security tape if she decides to press charges. i have to ask you to leave the store at once and your business is no longer welcomed here. &gt;eow: this is ridiculous! i'm never coming in here again!! &gt;manager: that's the point of banning you. have a great day miss! never saw that crazy uppity b again :)happy new year guys! this story is a little difficult for me to tell in english, so please excuse any possible mistakes. in my bakery we sell a wide variety of chocolate confections that you can gift in elegant boxes. yesterday a woman around 60-65 walked in and asked for a box of chocolate confections to give as a gift. she will be known as worst customer of the year (wcy). she was getting grumpier and grumpier while i was trying not to enrage her, without success. this is what happened: wcy: i would like to buy exactly 750 grams of chocolate. me: sure, is this box ok? wcy: how much does it take? remember, i don’t want it to exceed 750 grams. me: it takes up to 850 grams. wcy: there is no way this box takes more than half a kilo. show me a bigger one. me: oh no, it does take 750 grams easily. i also use it for 800-850 grams. wcy: there is no way. come on show me a bigger box. me: ok, this one takes a kilo or a little more. wcy: yes, let’s use this one. i’ve used it before. but i don’t want a full kilo. i want exactly 750 grams. me: i will try to select the lightest pieces, so it gets full and stays under 800 grams. wcy: yes, you do that. because the other day i used this one and it took a little more than a kilo. this time i want exactly 750 grams. me: ok, i’m trying to put lighter pieces inside. (as i was working) wcy: hey, why didn’t you put some of these too? me: these have whole prunes inside; they are very heavy. wcy: i want some of those too, come on, these are the best ones. me: ok but it won’t be exactly 750 grams. wcy: yeah, yeah i told you it wouldn’t be. come on, put some of those too. me: but ma’am, those are full of pistachios, they are also really heavy. wcy: i already told you i want those! me: ok fine, but you also told me that you don’t want it to exceed the desired weight… wcy: yeah, i’ve been here before you always put more than i ask for! me: but i just told you i’m trying to put the lightest ones, and you ‘re asking me for the heaviest ones. plus, you didn’t let me use the smaller box. wcy: oh my god, i already told you the other box doesn’t take more than 500 grams. me: but it… wcy: and the lightest pieces are not the best ones. me: ok ok, i can only leave the box half-empty then, if you want exactly 750 grams! wcy: girl, i can’t possibly offer an empty box. fill it up. me: ok. (after i’m done) me: it’s 1 kilo and 85 grams. wcy: see? i told you it’d be more than 750 grams. you always do that!!! at least she bought it. so i work at the deli in the grocery store down the road from me, i have for about 2 years now. i'm a 20 year old (proud) father and usually enjoy my work to support my son and girlfriend. the work is ok and i love my coworkers. we get a lot of regulars, people that you see coming, and can start their orders before they approach the counter. i remember sometime last year, an older man would come in every day and get ham, turkey, and yellow american. every, day. he was a pleasant old man and had great stories he would tell while i was waiting on him. i showed him pictures of my family and we had genuine conversations. last november he came in one day, and he looked so down, and scared. i asked him what was wrong, and received no response, not even eye contact. i did his order and he left without a word. i knew something was wrong, and although i didn't even know this man's name, i was worried. fast forward about a week of him not coming in, and i know something is up. so finally he comes in, like nothing ever happened. i asked of everything was ok and he said just some minor pains. i started his order and he said "actually, can we do low sodium ham, turkey, and yellow from now on?" not thinking anything of it, i just smiled and said sure. this would become his regular. he began coming in less and less, almost sporadically. i remember early october he said he had some news for me, and he was sorry for being a downer. i told him not to sweat it and i understand. he looked at me, eyes glossy, and said "they found a tumor." my heart fucking broke. he left without giving me a chance to reply, but on his way out, he turned to me and said "you're a good kid." and i never saw him again.i was helping a customer, when i saw a lady checking our chocolate display case. i have never seen her before. she never said hi or goodbye. she just opened the window, grabbed a piece of belgian chocolate, ate it and left the store. now, i always let customers try anything (the store is mine), even expensive chocolate like this. but i don't like it when they just help themselves without asking, especially when they open the cases and grab stuff with bare hands (i use gloves). i wanted to say something, but she left before i did. i'm glad i didn't. because later that day she came back and bought 240 euros worth of chocolate for the mayor's office! i worked in a drug store chain for many years. one thing we sold was watch batteries. because many watches are very expensive, we were not authorized to change the battery. one customer got very upset saying that "you sell watch batteries, you have to change it." well, my wonderful manager says "we sell enemas but we don't give those either." loved that guy. loli had no idea my original post about my dad would blow up like it did. in hindsight, after all of my years in retail and all of the stories i have read on tfr, i realize that he was the hero we all wanted haha. so here is the story of when he chased a customer out to his car. original post is here.. so to start, a little more history about my dad. he was a gay man who raised me on his own. he moved us around the country while he bought failing pet stores and quickly made them profitable to resell and move on to the next one. he was crazy and didn't care what anyone thought. he always said "the customer is always right is bullshit, the truth is the customer is always the customer and there are more where they came from". he was a legend in the industry. he was also an award winning dog groomer and handler for show dogs to several celebrities. that brings stories of it's own. he seriously gave zero fucks. i will likely make a post soon just detailing the intricacies of my crazy retail genius dad. but for now... the customer he chased to his car. so a surprisingly large amount of profit from our pet store came from the sale of live feeders. rodents (1000 per week), crickets (25,000 per week) and goldfish (50,000 per week). this story involves feeder goldfish, used to feed larger fish and small aquatic snakes and other reptiles. it should be noted that when our shipments of these "feeder" animals arrived, we would typically sell out within a few days and would have to wait until next week's shipment. as an exotic pet store this was big business. we had this one guy who came in every single week to buy $1.00 worth of feeder goldfish. we sold them at 10 for $1.00. this guy was a complete asshole. every week he treated our employees like garbage and like his slaves. he complained about everything. how they were collected. how they were bagged. that the way they were poured into the bag would "bruise them". drove a very expensive car and just thought we couldn't possibly survive without him. finally one week dad had enough. he happened to be the one to help this customer after countless times of seeing his behavior. the guy threw out his usual attitude and complaints and pressed my dad's buttons. as my dad's only child i can attest to the fact that you do not want to press his buttons. my dad let's loose on this asshole. he says "who the f do you think you are?? you come in here every week acting like a douche for $1.00 worth of feeders?? well let me tell you something. i sell those 10 for $1.00. those 10 cost me 60 cents. the bag costs me another 10 cents. that's 70 cents not including the labor to serve your pompous ass every week. how much shit do you expect me and my employees to take for your 30 cents a week?? do you think you keep me in business?? i will be out of these fish tomorrow. someone else will buy them so fuck off!" i don't remember exactly what the guy said back but it was shitty and whatever it was set my dad off! guy said he would never shop here again and it was cut rate and blah blah i think. my dad starts going off on this guy to the point where he looks afraid. he says "fuck this" and leaves. my dad follows him out to his car telling him off the whole time. by this point the guy realizes my dad is insane (the rest of us already knew this and were in hysterics). he tries getting in his car. my crazy dad blocks the door of his car until he finished saying what he had to say. finally he is done and he and the guy just look at each other for a minute. the guy says "i'm really sorry". dad says "you should be asshole". by this time we were in tears watching this unfold. the next week the guy shows up and is the nicest person ever. he continued to buy his feeders from us for several years without incident. next up... dad's "business meetings" i very rarely get complaints on me and it has been more than two years since someone was so unsatisfied with my help that they actually called corporate on me but that all changed last week. i had been going around the dog food section of the store facing the cans and smaller bags when an older man, maybe in his 60's, walked up and asked if he could get someone to help him get a 30lb bag of dog food up to the front. he did not have a cart with him so i told him that i would be happy to help. i grabbed his chosen bag and walked up to the front with him. nothing really seemed amiss. i made small talk, asked about what kind of dog he had, chatted about the weather (because anything below 70 in florida is worth talking about). i helped him out to his car, thanked him for his patronage to our store and went about my day. all seemed well. yesterday, however, i get called into the office where my gm is waiting to speak to me. she tells me we have a huge complaint on me and that it has gone up to our dm and that i am to receive a write-up as per his orders. apparently i was expected to have gone and gotten one of our male associates to help this guy. i "insulted and humiliated" this customer by grabbing the bag myself. he said in his complaint that it was totally unacceptable for a "little girl" to lift those bags and that i was obviously trying to make him look like a weak old man in front of other customers. i am so mad about this because i got the write up (which i refused to sign because all i was doing was my job) and had to have a "counseling session" with out gm and asm about how to properly respect out customers. when i was hired i had to prove that i could lift and carry 50lbs if i wanted to work on the floor for this exact reason. floor associates have to be able to help customers with bags and boxes that they would not be able to lift themselves. i was never once rude to this man, never once mentioned anything about how he needed help with the bag. i did my utmost to provide the best customer service to him and followed the store's stupid ass "guest+" model of customer service. i did everything right and i am still getting in trouble over it. and my gm and asm never once said that it was a shit complaint. they just kept going over and over how i need to be more aware of customer sensitivities and how it really is reasonable that an older man would not want lifting help from a 5 foot tall "little girl". so sorry, sir, that i did my damned job and even helped you out to your car. uhg i am so mad. sorry for the rant guys, but i figured you lovely retail folks would understand the need to vent this. edit: i have now made a call to my hr department and am waiting to hear back from them. the moment the phrase "gender discrimination" and "sexism" came into the conversation i was transferred to a "supervisor". they seemed very sympathetic and more than a little bit worried about legal trouble over this. i have gotten a copy of the write up that i now have at home. i'll get back as soon as i have any more information about the situation. edit-edit: i also have faxed a copy of my write up to hr so they have a copy of it as well. edit-edit-edit: because i was just reminded [here]( is a link to the resolution of this epic journey of bullshittiness.recently i got a new job doing customer service at one of the biggest electronic companies in the us. a little background on myself, i'm currently in college working on my ba in art design &amp; visual communications, which is a fancy way to say graphic design. so part of customer service also means ringing at the front lanes every once in awhile. a man comes up to me and shows me two pieces of paper, my companies online price for a 64gb flash drive and a competitors online companies price for the same product. my company is big on price matching, so of course i have to check it out. here's the thing, my company's regular price for this product was $79.99 and the competitor company's regular price was $39.99. i was skeptical, and it was one of my first days alone at the register, so i read the descriptions thoroughly. they were exactly the same. examined the product pictures, exactly the same. even examined the model numbers, exactly the same. but then i realized something very subtle; the title and description font used on my companies website was the exact same. same size, same color, same spacing, not one word out of place. after taking three typography based classes, i could catch these little details from a mile away. i immediate realized this guy photoshopped the title, description model number, etc... over a cheaper flash drive from the competitor company. i tell a little white lie to the customer to see if he'll nudge: &gt;**me:** sir, we actually aren't allowed to price match according to print outs. i'd need to see the website in live view just to make sure the sale hasn't run out. if you have your phone on you we could check it out on there. &gt; &gt;**customer:** i don't have my phone with me... can't you just adjust it? it's the exact same model number and everything. &gt; &gt;**me:** i cannot, but i'd be happy to look it up on my phone for you if you don't have yours. he was visually getting nervous through out the conversation and as soon as i pulled my phone out he bolted. i continued to check after he left and of course, i was right. and they say art degrees are useless.it was a typical shift. still handing out the coupons where you get $5 off if you spend $50, and get $15 off if you spend $100. it was the last day of the coupons, so we were telling everyone, and advising they grab a chocolate bar to take them over the line. all of them were extremely grateful, and some we spotted a couple more times, grabbing things for the freezer, stocking up on soda/pet food. i get to a lady (gl), and she has a gluten-free recipe book. i very vaguely thumbed through, since a loved one has just been diagnosed with a gluten allergy, and was struggling with adjusting. we talked about the book for a little bit as i scan the rest of her items, and then we get to her total, just shy of $100. so i tell her about the coupon deal and she goes to grab a couple more things to take her over. she brings the last of the gluten-free recipe books over, gets $15 off, pays for everything, and then gives the second recipe book to me. gl: here, cook some nice things for her, for me. it's pretty much free with this coupon, so take it home for me. i'm floored at this point. here i was thinking she'd be giving it to a neighbor or something. i've had nice customers, i've been teary-eyed before seeing a once-pregnant regular with a newborn, or hearing about them falling on hard times, but this time i straight-up cried. no customer had ever done that for me before. i never expected it. i thanked her profusely and kept making sure if it was alright, which she said it was. my manager was watching, and he pulled me aside, explaining that i wasn't meant to receive gifts from customers. i went to give the book to him, but he told me he'd turn a blind eye just this once. i put it in my locker and took it home after my shift. she didn't have to do that, it was so nice of her. tl;dr: happy tears, customer gave me something out of the kindness of her heart. so i'm back home on break from college and return to work at my grocery store in a few days, just in time for the pre-christmas rush. yesterday i was doing some last minute christmas shopping at a large superstore, pushing a cart of items, while wearing my winter coat and jeans. what i was wearing is important because a rather large woman on an electric scooter ('murica) came up to me and demanded to know where the peanut butter and paper towels were. we were in the electronic section, so she was impressively far off. i politely said that i don't work here, but they're probably in the grocery department across the store. she ignored the first part of my statement, and demanded i go get them for her because that's too far. i repeated that i don't work here, and turned so she could see that i was wearing a jacket and jeans instead of a polo of a certain color that this store's employees wear and slacks. this is where it went from crazy to insane. she said that she knew i worked there and claimed i took my name tag off when i saw her coming. she called me lazy and stupid, and said if i didn't want to work here, then i shouldn't have dropped out of school. she then demanded again that i go get her peanut butter and paper towels. at this point, i saw my opportunity to finally tell a customer off. it was as another customer, but hey that's still something. and as i don't get to do this at work, i went a bit overboard... i told her that she was an entitled b***h who clearly didn't need any more food, but if she really desired it, then she should get up off her fat ass and walk across the damn store like everyone else. i also told her that i am in school, and reiterated that i don't work at this store. or for this chain. or in this town. i also pointed out the large signs hanging as you come in that point you to different sections of the store. electronics and grocery were in opposite directions, so clearly she was the stupid one. i then continued on, not worried about seeing her again as those scooters are really, really slow when you put a huge person on them. it might be a bit petty and an overreaction, but it was my big chance to snap back!i used to work, years ago, in a retail store, now fortunatly i work in it and have limited customer interaction. the store i worked in was a hobby shop, mostly cheap-ish stuff, though we also sold some high-end soft guns, some ranging up to $ 2.000,-. all of us in the store, the store manager, full time employees, and part timers had a really great bond - only the higher up managers made the work kinda suck-ish, but that is another tale indeed and thankfully they didn't show themselves too often. any way. one day, when i was working the register, a father and his son entered the store and started looking at one of the more expensive soft guns. we usually had a lot of lookie loos so after checking if they needed assistance i went back to my business - i don't mind kids wanting to look at the cool guns, it's actually nice hearing how excited they sometimes get. after a bit of looking the father (f) cleared his throat and pointed at the gun. f: "we would like that one." me: "sure thing. i'll just get my coworker to get it out of stock - hey coworker (cw), would you mind going to the back to get this gun for the customer?" me (to the father and child again): "it really is a nice soft gun you've chosen". i then describe all the advantages of the gun to them. me: "i'll just ring you out, while we wait for coworker to get back. it will be $ 1.400,- please". f: "oh, we have an agreement with the manager, that we could get this for half price" me: "i'm sorry, but i highly doubt that, since that would make us loose money on the sale" (though this is a bit of an exaggeration, it would be close enough that it just wouldn't be feasible). f (starting to get angry): "now listen. i called and spoke with the manager, who assured me, that i could get this for half price." me: "i'm sorry, but i would know if you had and i'm not aware of such an agreement." at this time my coworker comes back with the gun, and having overheard the last bit of conversation, i see in his eyes, he thinks he knows full well, how this will end. f (angry now): "what's your name? i'll tell the manager about this - he and i are very good friends!" me: "my names mbrondum. coworker, could you get the manager for us?" i could see this surprised my coworker at bit, but he quickly caught on and nooded. cw: "sure thing..." he started walking to the back, then turned around "hey mbrondum. could you go to the register? a customers wants to speak with the manager..." me: "of course!" turning to the father again "i'm sorry, i forgot to tell you: i'm the manager of this store and i have in no way spoken with you about getting anything half off... and i do not believe i know you, so the 'good friends'-stuff you mentioned isn't true either." never have i seen an angry man deflate so fast, being caught in a lie that red handed. they ended up not buying the soft gun, but cw and i did get a good laugh out of it. edit: to clearify; soft guns is a local dialect abbreviation of airsoft guns.this happened to me when shopping around at the more "low brow" pawn shop in town. i was there on my lunch break, and was wearing a polo shirt and dress pants, shopping for guitars and amps. angry lady at the pawn shop: hey, you, boy... get over here and help me get this tv off the shelf, i want to buy it. me: (looks around, not seeing anybody else in the area) um, are you talking to me? al: who the hell else would i be talking to, do you see anybody else here? are you going to get this tv for me or not? me: haha, nope. that's not happening. al: i'mma gonna get you fired, you can't talk to a customer like that! me: go right the fuck ahead. al: what is your name me: go fuck yourself al: what did you just say to me? me: here, i'll spell it out for you...(slowly) g...o...f...u...c...k...y...o...u...r...s...e...l...f al (yelling): did you just hear what he told me to do? manager!!! manager!!! i want this punk fired! me: um, yeah... i don't work here. do you see a name tag or a uniform? al: you still need to be fired me: and you still need to go fuck yourself. she goes up to the front counter and starts screaming at the poor kid at the terminal, saying how terrible i'm treating her and how i have a terrible attitude. i just smile as i cheerily waved goodbye and left the store. this is why i need to stop going shopping when i am dressed for work (office/factory)... although i do have to say it is nice to be able to be rude back to rude people after years of having to take it in retail. i usually chuckle and tell people that i don't work there (this happens to me on occasion) and they usually apologize, but this lady was so entitled and had such a demanding tone, i couldn't help but be cheerfully obscene with her.i work at an electronics retail store. we have a different section specifically for returning and refunding items. upon receiving the item, we must always as for the reason of return, and we must open the item, *even if factory sealed.* i am v, my manager is m, and the customer is c. &gt;v: hi &gt;c: hi, i'd like to return this drone. our policy for drones is that they were non-refundable, but this policy was changed, as long as all products are in working condition, it can be accepted for return. &gt;v: okay, just a second sir. i open the box. the manual, the remote, the batteries, and the package sealing is there. everything that is there is supposed to be there **except** the drone itself isn't there. it's basically the entire package without the drone. &gt;v: what's the reason for returning this item? &gt;c: oh, the drone flew away and it never came back. can i get a refund for this? manager walks over, i'm still new to doing returns. i recently got out of training as a cashier, which means my manager is very closeby whenever i am doing returns because he has to authorize it and make sure i'm doing it right. &gt;v: um... &gt;m: what's wrong? &gt;c: oh hi, so my drone flew away and it never came back. can i get a refund? &gt;m: fuck no, what's wrong with you? get out of my store. customer walks. i don't think he's even angry because there were no signs showing it. i died laughing because it was the first time i saw the manager swear to a customer. sometimes i love retail :)i'm the general manager at a sporting goods retailer. as all of you know, employees make mistakes. the majority of us will admit to it and apologize, and if a customer is nice about it, we'll work with them. if they're rude, noooot so much. this is about a customer who wasn't so nice. i'm at my gun counter talking to one of our regulars about a new gun i had just put on the shelf, when one of my sales associates comes up and gives me *that look*. managers know this look, it tells us something is wrong. i ask my regular to sit tight and go over to my associate (sa) and ask her what's wrong. sa explains that there's a very grumpy customer in our shoe department who wants a $110 pair of shoes for $30. wat. these shoes go on sale for $70, the hell happened?! sa explains that there was a generic sales tag on the box for $30, and it was her fault because she tagged them by mistake. ok, it could be worse, let's go say hi to ms grumpy pants (gp). me: hi ma'am! what ca- gp: these shoes are $30 right? me: actually, no. they're $70, bu- gp: the sale tag says $30. i want these shoes for $30. your sales associate gave me this box herself! this bitch. she could've let me finish and been cool about the situation, but she decides to cut me off and make rude demands. ok, let's give her one more chance. me: i understand ma'am, but the- gp: i don't care! the sales tag says $30! you have to sell it to me for that price because it's the law! it's her fault! *points at sa* strike 3, shit stain. time to drop the hammer. i put myself between sa and gp, so she can focus her hate on me. me: no. gp: what do you mean no? this bo- me: first of all, there's no law in our state, or at the federal level, that says i have to sell you a product just because a price tag shows a certain price. it's an advertisement, nothing more. gp: bu- me: second, i don't have to sell you anything if i don't want to. i reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. you were rude to sa and to me, and i'm sick of your attitude. gp: this is outrageous! i demand to speak to your manager! oh. yes. here it comes. me: well guess what, lady? i am the manager. she stares open mouthed while i show her my name badge. me: since you decided to be rude to me and sa instead of being nice and understanding, not only will you not get these shoes for $30, you're not getting them at all. now get out of my store. gp: i'll complain to your corporate office about this! i'm never shopping here again! me: you do that, and don't worry, your money won't be missed. now get out. she scuttled out of the store, and sa has been loving her job ever since that day. don't fuck with my employees. edit: formatting**background:** i work as an assistant manager at a large chicken fast-food chain while putting my way through med school. i can only work part-time due to my studies, but the company was great about letting me keep my job since i've been with them since high school. **the story:** all throughout college, i was the manager in charge of hiring. all the managers interviewed, but i made the decision on who got hired. and we got some real human beans that decided to apply. there was one kid who decided to come up to the interview wearing a t-shirt and cargo pants. okay, so what, he's sixteen. he seemed really nervous, so i decided to put him at ease. "all right, buddy, so your name is john smith?" "yup." "and you live at 123 woodland drive?" "er...i think so. my dad filled out the application so i'm not too sure." he didn't get the job. another "qualified candidate" was recommended to me as a "good dude" by one of our cooks. another sixteen year old kid. he had a decent interview but seemed rather socially awkward, so i decided to mull it over a bit before hiring him. our candidate had other plans, though. he called the store to follow up the very next day. i happened to be there, so they put me on. i told him i liked the initiative, and that i would let him know on the decision in a few days. he didn't get that. at all. he called the store again. and again. it must have been four times a day for the next three days. he managed to get a few different managers (we have five) so it was finally on the seventeenth call when i was at work again. i answered the phone and he told me who he was and why he was calling "...and look, whoever is in charge of hiring really needs to get their act together." i told him, "i'm in charge of hiring." ".....oh" "i don't want you to call the store again. you won't get this job, but wherever else you apply, while it's great to follow-up, don't call more than once a week, okay?" he didn't get the job. girl came in for an interview, very pretty. probably eighteen. i immediately smelled the weed on her. her eyes were bloodshot too. i shook her hand, introduced myself, and sat down at the table with her (outside, thank you very much). i asked her if she was high. she giggled a bit and said no while winking at me. i asked two more questions and told her that's all there was. she didn't get the job. finally, a happy story. a big black dude came in and asked for an application. he said he wanted to meet the manager as he turned it in. he shook my hand and told me that he had disclosed a felony for drug distribution on the application. he had been convicted a year ago and had spent some jail time, and was now trying to find clean work. he'd told me that he had a lot of trouble getting a job because of the felony but that he would be the best worker i ever hired if i just gave him a chance. i interviewed him, and decided to hire him, despite the record. best cook i ever had, incredibly hard worker and the nicest guy ever. he ended up using the experience and our glowing recommendations to get a job as a entry-level cook at a family mexican restaurant with plans to work up to a higher-end chef. so glad i gave him a chance.back in my old video game job, where we were crazy about games, we used to have a policy that customers could try out any game in the store. it really helped cut down on returns. this meant, however, that we would get a few customers who would abuse this policy. enter draconian. i don't know his real name, i just know that every character he made on any game, and the xbox profile he set up on our demo unit was named draconian. he was a late teens/early 20s man child. about 6'5" and overweight. he would come in almost daily and spend hours playing games, rarely purchasing anything. when this happened, the elder scrolls:oblivion had come out. draconian was coming in daily and spent literally hours standing in one spot and playing the game. i would inform him every half hour or so that he needed to take a break and could just play games all day. he would save, walk away for a minute and jump right back to it when i started working on something else. after a few days of this, i was tired of him. the next time he came in, he played oblivion for a solid 5 hours. i didn't bother him once. when he finally took his leave of the game, and i was sure he was gone, i loaded up his game and dumped almost a week's worth of progress in one part of the map. warped him across the map to the woods, and left his character naked and alone. deleted every save file except this one, and shut the game off. the next time draconian came in, he asked to play oblivion. i gladly obliged, put the game in and walked away. i can still remember him sputtering and frantically trying to search for a way to get his progress back. he was nearly in tears as he left minutes after. tl;dr customer abuses store policy, so i leave him naked in the woods.one summer when i was home from college i worked at a small pizza franchise location that sold whole pizzas or pizza by the slice. after we closed we had a policy where we would continue to sell pizza that was in the window while we cleaned, we just wouldn't make any new pizza. normally this was fine, mostly we would get people from the other businesses in the strip mall wanting a late night snack. anyways, one night this lady and here two daughters come in like half an hour after we closed. i was already stacking chairs at this point which is one of the last things we do. i say hello as she walks in and say we are closed but would gladly sell her some of the slices we have left. she just ignored me. here is how the rest of our encounter went. -lady (standing at the register): "are you going to help me or not". -me: "all we have left is pepperoni, how many slices would you like" -lady: "slices? i don't wan't that! i want a (some kind) pizza and we are in a hurry so make it quick" -me: "sorry mam but we closed over 45 mins ago, the ovens are off. i would gladly sell you what we have left". -lady: "what? your lights are still on which means you aren't closed, you should still be making pizzas. whatever give me everything you have left. -me: (box up pizza, charge her for a whole pizza even though its a slice short. saves her money) "ok mam here is your pizza, your total is $x.xx. i charged you for a whole pizza to save you money" -lady: "what!!! that isn't a whole pizza, you can't charge me for that. it's missing a slice." (one of her daughter's explains how i am saving her money) -me: "again, your total is $x.xx." -lady: "ok that's fine. it's half price right?" -me: "why is it half price?" -lady: "because you are closing" (we go back and fourth a for a bit, she asks for the manager. i go get the owner who was cleaning in the back) -lady: "your employee was being very rude and was trying to charge me full price when it should be half" -owner: "lady, we are closed, no half price pizza. infact no pizza at all" (grabs pizza box and throws it in the trash) "please leave". the lady stormed out with her daughters. ha epic that the owner had my back and told her to leave.  so yesterday i was called to the managers office, and told that i had a customer complaint that they needed to go over with me. needless to say i was with the manager for about an hour on this, but i will not give you a play by play recap. i will just do a quick run through. the customer called, and complained because of the fact that i rang her up too quickly. my department tends to be pretty busy customer wise, and i have a lot of regulars too. well apparently it turns out that the complaint i got made the store manager dig into my records a bit. which when i was told this made me think i might of screwed something up big time. well after a little bit of talking about averages in our department he told me that a single cashier does not get the customer numbers i do, and then he called in my supervisor. the supervisor then said your in for it now, and gave a small laugh. the manager said he had gone through the transaction reports on my numbers, and that roughly a quarter of total store sales went through my register this year alone, and that he had called our district manager on the matter. the district manager has also looked over the information, and approved a small bonus for you, and starting next month you will become the store training supervisor. your going to be train our newer cashiers on the registers, and they will be helping you in your department for training. you will have a little more of a work load, but it is a higher pay grade for you, and looks at my supervisor, and said since that would be on par with your pay level your going to be raised a level also. so the details of my new position is one week a month i will be training new cashiers up front, and showing them the ropes. i will be involved in hiring of new cashiers also. i also now have to deal with schedules for the new cashiers for my week i get them, and i have been given access to the system for this stuff which luckily my terminal in my department can do. so wish me luck everyone. edit/update. got paperwork done. my bonus will be on my next check 1,200 bucks. thanks everyone for the support. sorry i know my grammar is horrible, but also usually only on here for 10 minutes if that on here. i start vacation tuesday my first day as trainer starts when i return. wish me luck. i run a small charity thrift store. really there are only two staff members myself (the general retail manager for the organization) and a part time clerk. we don't offer a dealer price/curtosey like some store, even though customers still try. now my name tag only has my name, not my title as general manager. this is important to the story. lair dealer lady (ldl): i'm ready to checkout. thriftstorebettie: alright, would you like a bag today? ldl: no that's fine, just so you know i have a deal with the manager to get the employee pricing on my purchases. thriftstorebettie: um.. really? i don't have any notes about that, can you tell me who you made the deal with part time clerk? charity worker? ldl: neither of them, the manager. thriftstorebettie: i'm sorry i just don't know anything about that. ldl: don't make me call her and tell her how terrible your treating me! thriftstorebettie: you know what i'll give her a call and get this straitened out for you no problem (note i've already picked up the phone and started to dial my own cellphone number). ldl: wait! don.... thriftstorebettie: (answering my cellphone) this is thriftstorebettie with charity thrift store. thriftstorebettie: (talking into the store phone) hi! this is thriftstorebettie from the thrift store calling i have ldl hear and she says she has a deal worked out with you to get employee pricing. how do i process that? thriftstorebettie: (talking into my cellphone) what? no.... ldl: what!?! oh my god! (turns bright red, gets super huffy and storms out) i start laughing my ass off. totally unprofessional, but seriously, don't lie to clerks. you look like a major asshole. also ldl shops here off and on and always try to get a discount, always. so this was some petty revenge bullshit, but worth it.so here is the full story when you call my store i always attempt to answer my phone even if it is to tell you to hold, because at least then you know someone will be with you. about two weeks ago i answered the phone, and it was a gentleman asking about the cost of tires. well this is a standard thing i can do tire quotes easy, and since i know the state tax tables, and other costs of installation fees i can give you total including tax. which according to everyone i talk to on the phone no one else in town does this. so we make many sales just from being able to give a to the penny cost. jumping ahead to the next day the gentleman comes in, and purchases 4 tires. nothing abnormal about this, he came in around 8 am, and that was that. about 6 pm i get a call from the gentleman. he was asking some information on the road hazard warrenty he purchased, and some of the cashiers do not explain the coverage so i go over the warrenty information. coverage does not cover vandalism, or wrecks, or wreckless driving. so curbing the tires is not covered. well he tells me that he was driving home from work when his brakes went out, and he had to ditch the vehicle, or end up in a possible t-bone because he was near a intersection with the major highway through town. i would have done the same. well i asked if everyone was ok. he said yes, but two of his tires got badly damaged one was torn up out right, and the other had a bad goose egg on the side. well i told him unfortunately this type of damage was not covered under the warrenty. he calmly replied i was afraid of that, and he asks the costs of replacing just the two tires. he did not sound mad at me, and he was pretty calm which we get calls like this from time to time, but usually end in someone yelling at me over the phone. so i decided since he was being nice i would try to go above expectations. so i ask the gentleman to hold while i look up the tires, and cost. he agrees, and i put him on hold. so i call up the assistant manager, and tell him what is going on the guy bought 4 tires that morning, and how they were damaged. i tell him normally something like this is not covered, but the man was on the phone, and was not angry, and was inquiring about cost to replace. if we can at least comp one of the tires. well the manager tells me to do it since i felt compelled enough to even ask to do this, and only one tire since the tires the man got were on the more pricey side. so i switch back over to the line with the gentleman. i told the gentleman i was able to get permission to comp one of the tires, and gave him the price for the other. the man was very happy to hear this, and i got his name, and info so when he showed up with the tires to comp the one tire. which would take him a couple of days to come in because his car was in the shop having his breaks repaired. two days later the gentleman showed up, and i rang up the order, and he told me to thank the person on the phone. i told him that was me he talked to, and he then said i want you to know you have a very kind gentle, and sultry voice on the phone. well i did not know what sultry meant at the time, and thought it was weird, but said thanks, and he left. i later googled sultry, and now realize that was kind of creepy. well i was off work yesterday, and the department manager called me which is unusual. he normally will just text me if he needs me to come in early or later than normal. so i answer my phone figuring somethings hit the fan, and he needs help quick. no luck on that. apparently the guy called, and asked if i was working yesterday, and the manager told him i was off, and the dude asked him if he could have my home number. the manager refused that. well he said around two hours later a delivery guy showed up with flowers addressed to me, and the card had a phone number that had the dudes cell phone. as a note i am male also, and happily married. so my wife when i told her what happened she just laughed her butt off, and jokingly told me to let me know when the wedding was going to be. so yup i officially have a creepy stalker now. tl;dr: was nice to a customer, and now he is sending me flowers at work, and asking people for my phone number. creeper style. edit: ok so he showed up again yesterday, and i told him i was not interested. oddly enough he took it well, and apologized if he seemed a little too forward. he was apparently having a long streak of real bad luck. apparently he just recently moved into town, and has not had much a good time in doing so as place he was living in recently had a pipe burst, and did some major damage, and he lost alot of his things from the flooding, and the landlord had to get it fixxed, but the damage was real bad, so he is living in a hotel room for 3 weeks while the landlord has people doing the repairs, and he had nails in his tires from somewhere, and was why he originally bought tires that morning, and then his breaks went out on the car. so admittedly he had some shitty luck, and he thought it was getting worse when i told him on the phone warrenty did not cover wreck damage, but i was nice enough to comp, and help him out. i told him i hope his luck gets better.hi everyone, i work at a big box retail store that charges people a membership fee in order to shop at our store. due to this fee some customers act very entitled which is to be expected i guess. here is an interaction i had last week with an entitled bi**h aka eb. i get a call on the walkie saying that there is a problem in one of our healthy food isles. i quickly make my way there and hear eb yelling at a fellow employee who i will refer to as ryan. eb: "what do you mean you dont have any more quinoa!!??!" ryan: "sorry mam i've checked the computer and its showing we do not have any more in stock." eb: "you people are so useless. what's the point of paying to shop here if you people are good for nothing?" this is where i cut in. me: "hi there. as ryan already told you there is no more quinoa is there anythjng else i can help you with?" eb: "yes get me some damn quinoa." me: "sorry mam there isnt any in the isle and someone's already checked to see if its in stock if you come back tomo..." eb: "i own you. i demand that you bring me quinoa now. i don't care if you need to go to another store to get it! i want my quinoa and i want it now. i pay the price you're no more than my maid!!!!!" the amount of anger going through me was incredible. i've never dealt with someone this hostile and ridiculous in my life. i'm usually a pretty calm person but after being mistreated like this something inside me snapped. me: "just because you pay to shop here does not give you the right to act like a stuck up bitch." she was stunned. her jaw dropped and she turned completely white. this didnt last more than 5 seconds because she immediately started to turn bright red. eb: "i'm going to have you fired. i'm going to fire you. you cant talk to me like that!!!" i walked away and expected to be fired. but i didn't care i felt so relieved. about 15 minutes later i find out my manager had heard the whole thing, revoked her membership and banned her from the store. ah sweet justice. i work in a gift shop in australia and we also sell lotto tickets, for the most part customers are polite and i don't have to deal with rudeness very often. usually only 1 of us is there at any point in time unless it is christmas or a big lotto draw. so basically if i am there alone, i'm the boss. it's a slow day so i'm just standing behind the counter greeting people and letting them have a look around. there are 2 teenage girls, i guess around 13 years old, in the birthday cards having a giggle at them and a father and his young daughter, i guess the daughter to be 3-4 years old and they are looking for a gift for mum. i can't see the girls in the cards properly since they are behind the shelves but i overhear the following. girl 1: i guess he's ok looking, but steve was really nice to me so i gave him a blowjob. girl 2: oh yeah steve is pretty nice. i consider going over there to tell them to shut up when i see the little girl look at her dad and ask "what does blowjob mean daddy?". i don't think he had heard the other 2 girls and he looked shocked and muttered something about "when you are older." the little girl was persistent and said "what does it mean daddy?!" i went around to the 2 teens in the cards and could hear them dropping swear words while seemingly talking about some "slut". i ask them politely to not swear in the store, especially since there is a child present. they roll their eyes and go back to looking at the cards. this whole time the little girl has been trying to get out of her father what a blowjob is and looking baffled he says something along the lines of "when a girl loves a boy it's just something they do, but not until you are older! now please stop asking and tell me what you think of this for mummy?" at this stage i'm back behind the counter and i serve someone getting lotto and i can again hear the 2 teens swearing and laughing. followed by a "sshh that bitch will come back". i finish with the customer and head back around there and now i'm mad. me: i asked you to stop swearing, please leave. girl 1: hahahaha no. you can't make us. me: yes i can, please leave now. the little girl over there has started repeating your filth and other customers can hear your language. girl 1: it's a free country and i can say whatever i fucking want! (girl 2 laughs and rolls her eyes) me: i don't have to serve you and have every right to kick you out of a space we pay for because, as you said, free country and all that. now, get out before i call security to escort you out. (this was a complete bluff, i'm not even sure what security there is) they walk out swearing their heads off and threats of "my mother". the father and daughter come and pay for a nice picture frame to put a picture of themselves in for mum. i chat with them for a bit and on their way out i hear the little girl say. "i love you daddy, can i give you a blowjob?" needless to say he rushed her out looking mortified. a few minutes later girl 1 comes in with her mother and i brace myself for whatever rant i'm about to cop. mother: "i asked girl 1 to buy a card and you kicked her out. why?" (slightly snarky kind of attitude) me: they were swearing in the shop, a young girl overheard the word "blowjob" and started putting her dad in an awkward situation when asking him to explain the word. i asked them to stop swearing and using that language. when they didn't i told them to leave. mother to girl 1: you what!? give me your phone, now. (girl 1 hands over phone with tears in her eyes) how dare you! that poor girl. you are not to see girl 2 again! you are grounded! (she turns back to me and speaks sweetly) she told me you threw her out for opening the music cards, i'm really sorry for her behavior. me: no worries, enjoy your day! the mother ranted loudly at her crying daughter on the way out and it was glorious! **tl:dr, little girl asks dad if she can give him a blowjob, i get to kick 2 bitches out of the shop, girl gets grounded.** edit: thanks for all the comments! i just got back from sleep and work. to address a couple of comments. i didn't rat her out to her mum about the context the word blowjob was used in because i figured it's possible she was showing off to her friend or trying to sound cool. though, honestly, it would not surprise me if it were true. the father probably should have just said "i don't know" but the look on his face... he just panicked. i'll be sure to post more stories at some point but this is easily one of the best ones!this homeless man always comes to my cash so i can give him some bills for his change. he's young, in his twenties, and instead of simply begging on the street with a cup, he plays some good music with an old guitar. i'm the only person who will take the time to open my cash and sit there counting his change and give him bills so he's really appreciative. he's been a regular for a few months. today, as a thank you for me changing his money, he left me a nice tip (only my second tip in a year of working as a florist), and told me how much he appreciates my help. i tried to not accept it, but he just smiled and left. that man was more generous than 99% of the rich snobs that i cater to. he made my day. edit: wow! first page on tfr! thank you! i wish all that karma goes straight from here to him! i'm a mess this morning. last night as i was calling my cat, clyde, in for dinner, he was hit by a car. he wasn't supposed to be outside. but he got out and as i was calling him, a car went by. i heard the *thump*, and my baby went flying right up to the house and collapsed. he died in my arms moments later. so. yeah. i had him for ten years. i grew up with him. he was my baby. i have never felt so hopeless and hurt as i did last night. i'm still a huge mess. god. i can't believe he's gone. onto the story or rant or whatever. i'm much slower than usual this morning and i just feel weak. i was behind and didn't quite have donuts ready when my assistant manager asks me what's wrong. i told her and just broke down, and at the same time this rude bitch of a lady walks up to the counter and just about yells, "uhm. hello. where are the donuts." i asked am to help her and escaped to the back to contain myself. am was talking to the lady, trying to help her. lady says, "what's her problem? i need donuts!" i didn't hear am's response, but the next thing the lady says is "well, it's just a stupid animal! she shouldn't be so upset!" then just starts demanding donuts again. god. just fuck off. i know some people don't see their pets as family, but a bit of empathy goes a long fucking way. i just lost a huge part of my life, my *baby*. i'm just so upset right now. edit: thank you all so much for your kind words and internet hugs. i'm reading each and every comment.i work at a huge coffee giant known for a blended drink straight from hell and mediocre cup of joe. usually seeing a gaggle of teenagers wander into my work means three things: a drink i don't like making/ "how much does a water cost? can i sample something?"/ a mess i don't want to clean up. there's rarely a well mannered tween/teen, so i usually expect the worse. well yesterday a boy about 14-15 (?) wanders in and asked for a large water. that's all he gets and goes out on our patio and proceeds to lay out all his books on the table in the shade and start his homework. time goes by and every time i look up he's moved tables to stay in the shade. i don't think much of it. it's about 30 minutes before close and i go out to stack the patio and the kid's still out there. i start to stack up the rest of the patio around him when he looks up at me and asks if we're closed. i say no, but in about 30 minutes we will be, and he looks back down. i'm use to customers pushing limits with our patio, so i'm continuing to stack chairs and figure i'll just have to get his later. i turn around and he's packing up his things. then he starts stacking his chair. i tell him he doesn't have to, but he says no it's okay, i want to! i thank him and my coworker calls me over the headset and asks for help. i thank him and run back inside. after a little rush, which last maybe 10 minutes, i look out at the patio. and this kid is still stacking the patio.... and he's almost done. i go out and tell him he doesn't have to and he's keeps assuring me it's no big deal. i put down the umbrellas and he helps. i offer him a drink for all the help, but he declines but asks if he can still use the bathroom. honestly just the whole thing blew me away. i've been in retail for awhile and usually teenagers spell trouble. never have i meet a kid so polite. thank you to parents who still do it right. so i work at this perfume/candle shop, i'm doing my business helping customers before they go nose-blind and buy nothing when this old lady walks up to me. i ask "hey how are you doing," she says "well." i ask if i could help her find anything and she asks "do you have anything that smells like patchouli?" i show her the only fragrance that has it in it. she says "oh that really won't do. what about something with musk?" i showed her some and she wasn't having that either. "what's your strongest smell" she asked. i told her they're all equally strong. she goes on to say "well i went over to visit my daughter and grandchildren to spend the night for mother's day, but when i got there they weren't home. i walked into one of my grandsons' room and found a huge bag of weed. i smoked the whole thing and forgot how much it smells." i told her she came to the right place. she says "thank you so very much. i'm high as hell right now." she went on to tell me about life dating black men in the 70's, how much acid she used to do, and all her lesbian experiences. &gt;tl;dr: grandmother smoked her grandson's stash, came to my shop, talked for an hour about being high for 15 years of her lifespotted this yesterday while i was out shopping. a group of lads, all in school uniform were in a mini supermarket, getting a few bits, one of them gets pushed into a rack of bottles full of sauce, spices and herbs near one of the tills. the rest of the group runs off out of the shop, but the one who got pushed into the rack stays where he is. instead of getting angry, or running off, he goes to one of the staff and says the following: &gt; alright man, listen i've made a bit of a mess just there on the 'spicer' rack, do you lot have a sweeping brush and a scoop? i'll clean it up for you. the staff were amazed by how to the point he was, anyone else would have just left. i hung around to watch what happened, for health and safety, they couldnt let him sweep up the glass but he paid for most of the damage, it was about 35 euro, he paid 30. he walked off with a smile and an ice cream, and the manager was wondering if they could hire him edit: i'll be damned, my first gold. thank you :)i was with my manager doing cash pulls around 11pm on the first of our four front end customer service tills. this middle aged woman walks in, asks if she can get a money order. manager says no but i ask her if i can take the nice lady on the last register as to not impede the pulls. she agrees, and i begin. the customer (never did get to get her name) tells me that this money order is for rent and that she is grateful that i am able to take her. i tell her that customer service formally closed at 10pm but she had arrived just in time and found someone who is cross-trained all over the front end. she tells me she's grateful to have run in just in time for this and to have found someone willing to help. this was her last option for a store to get a money order for rent and that if it wasn't deposited by business open for what is now today, she'd be charged an extra $100 as a late fee. i'm glad to be of help and begin processing the order, as she grabs her card to pay. all readied to be paid, she swipes her card. met with an error for insufficient funds. she grabs her phone and opens her banks app and tells me that she's 0.70 short and won't be able to pay rent after all. $100 for 0.70 short is unacceptable. i scrounge through my pockets and find miscellaneous coins that come out to .74. toss it on her order and tell her to go ahead and swipe again. transaction goes through. lady is almost in tears. asks if there's a manager around she can speak to about me. tell her that my immediate manager is standing behind me and just saw it happen. she wants more. informed her there's a survey on the receipt and a customer comment box behind her she can put in her words on my service. she spends almost 20 minutes writing before dropping it in and thanks me again before heading out. i'm just glad to be of good help to such a nice little lady. merry christmas and happy holidays all. remember the small things can have incredible impacts. edit - i'd like to take a moment and say thank you for the gold :) please though, use that three bucks to keep some change in your pocket if you're a retail slave too and use it to help out the nice customers when they're short a bit. i sell and install high end door hardware at a small, family business. the hardware i sell starts at $100 per door and goes up to $1000 per door, and being so, we mostly work with high end builders. basically, most customers aren't too price sensitive. we also tell them we can't compete with online prices *before we even start looking at hardware.* my job is to help the customer find hardware that matches their home, and then do a walk-through of their home to get door handings, thicknesses, back sets, and trim size. (it's actually really fun walking through expensive homes as they're finishing being built.) i had a husband and wife come in a few months ago and i took them through the showroom, showing which options would go well with their new home. it took a little over an hour and we chose all the interior hardware, but different/special hardware for the master bedroom, lower level, and set them up with special plates for their exterior doors. i gave them a quote while they were there, showing which rooms/doors get what hardware, and they seemed happy with it. great! another happy customer. they have me email them a copy of the quote and they say they'll be in touch for me to do the walk-through. a few days go by and i get an email from them saying they found everything *much* cheaper online (with free shipping of course!) and asking if i can price match. &gt;**me:** sorry, as i said when we first started i can't price match as i have a large showroom and offer design and technical help. &gt;**customer:** i can get everything for almost $20 cheaper though (per hardware set) &gt;**me:** sorry, but there's not much i can do. i did help you choose your selections for over an hour though and with the hardware you picked out, you'll need to get all the specs right when ordering. &gt;**customer:** well everything is much cheaper online so that's what i'm going to have to go with. so a few weeks go by and i get a call from the customer's builder. he's complaining that most of the door hardware was delivered wrong, and telling me someone needed to come to the job site and sort it out. i told the builder his customer didn't buy from me but had mentioned ordering online. the builder sighed, said ok, and hung up. today i heard the rest of the story. apparently the customer took my quote and ordered online directly off of that. my quote didn't have any technical specs for the hardware so they guessed their way through the whole thing. when the carpenters tried to install it nothing fit! the builder told the customer to send everything back and order from my company, but the customer was too embarrassed so they ordered from a competitor much further away. i bet with the restock fee on their online order and the additional travel expenses for the other hardware company, the customer probably spent twice as much as would have if they just went with me.today, i was shopping at a big box department store in a very affluent community. i got in the checkout line, and noticed that the well-to-do lady in front of me had a bunch of inexpensive toys. she said with a smile, almost apologetically, "i'm grabbing all of your dinosaurs today," while gesturing toward her basket. there were little baggies of small plastic dinosaurs - she had purchased about 20 of them. the cashier giggled. "haha, oh no, you can't do that!" she joked, "some little kid is going to be so upset!" "i know right?" they were kidding, of course - i mean, the chances that someone is going to show up wanting those dinosaurs today had to be pretty slim. "what are you going to do with them?" the cashier asked. "oh, well, i keep my eye out for things like this on sale. and i save them. at the end of the year, i put together gift sets for [organization] for needy children." whoa! i mean, it's march. this lady spends all year collecting small gifts for needy children. i'm sure she ends up with some pretty awesome stuff in the mix, too! mad props to the nice lady. she seriously made me think about what i could be doing to make a little bit of difference in the lives of others. *tears*so i'm on an express checkout a few years ago and this guy comes up with about 10 bunches of different flowers and a roll of wrapping paper. he tells me he forgot his anniversary and was buying all the flowers he could carry. i just laugh along because he wasn't stressed about it and was laughing at how he forgot. he pays for the flowers and takes them all in his arms and leaves. in my store where the express checkout is you can see out the door so i could see everything he did next. he rolled out the wrapping paper and opened all the bunches of flowers and began arranging them. he spent the next 5-10 minutes arranging the flowers and when he was don't he started rolling them up with the wrapping paper into what became the most amazing and biggest bouquet of flowers i've ever seen. he just stood up and held the bouquet in his arms as he left like the triumphant bastard he was. a young woman, probably 18 or so, came into the bank with her mother. the young woman had down syndrome and her mother was showing her how to do some banking-- checking her balance, paying bills and taking out some cash. the young woman was very polite and her mother was very specific, explaining to the daughter how to be clear about what she wants. for example, when the daughter asked for cash, she said "twenty sixty" and then the mother specified that she should ask for the total amount she wanted first ($60) and then what kind of bills she wanted (three 20s.) even though it was her first time at the bank, i can tell you that this young woman was far more clear and specific about what she wanted than many older customers with more experience who expect me to read their mind. at the end of the transaction, i went over her receipt with her and summarized everything (as i do with all customers), and she seemed really grateful for the summary. as she was leaving, i heard her say to the mother "i did it!" and the mum was really proud. there's your daily dose of heartwarming from bureaucratic red tape factory (actually, there were a few others, but this is my favourite.)my last story seemed to do pretty well, so i figured i'd send in another. for the sake of redditors' stomachs, this one will lack any black abyss incidents. as some background, i'm from a fairly small town that consists of the place i worked, another chain restaurant i'll call cookie bucket, and a scattering of fast food chains. i used to work third shift (9pm-7am) at a large, 24-hour chain restaurant that focused mostly on breakfast food. one morning, i was finishing up my prep for the next shift (filling sugar, salt and paper, napkin holders, etc.), about half an hour from the end of my shift, when a very harassed looking man walks in and straight up to the counter. i ask if i can help him, expecting a large coffee to go, and he fixes me with this panicked look and asks if he could please have some blueberry pancakes. i feel my face kind of blank and i'm sure i gave him a wtf look before stating that we don't sell pancakes. we sell the other breakfast food that's basically the same thing. would he like one of those? he shook his head, looking increasingly distressed. customer: please. i will pay you whatever you need. i'll pay you for however many waffles it would cost. but i need blueberry pancakes. me: -turning to look at our chef, sir awesome- uhhh, sir awesome? are we able to sell pancakes? at this point, our manager is standing about 2 feet away, waiting to switch out our register drawer for the morning shift's drawer. sir awesome turns from the grill and is about to answer when the customer blurts out "please! my wife is pregnant! she hates cookie bucket and they can't be frozen. i don't know why it has to be pancakes, i just know it does. she loves (our restaurant) and i just don't know what else to do." i swear, he sounded near tears. the moment he said "my wife is pregnant." production just sort of stopped and even the surrounding customers (all older males) had this deer-in-the-headlights look. after a few seconds, our manager looks at the cook and says "get this man some pancakes! just charge him for a waffle." i thought the guy would start crying. he started thanking us profusely as i wrote up his ticket. the cook ended up producing some really awesome looking blueberry pancakes from the grill and passed them along to the man with his best wishes. after leaving a really great tip (about $10. seriously. ) he all but danced out of the restaurant, looking like we had just given him eternal life. tl;dr: we saved a man's life once... edit: oh my gods, guys, front page! you all are awesome! :) i feel honored. hi tfr, i've got a cute kid story for you today. i'm not a kid person in general but these two just about made my day yesterday. at the beginning of my shift, two little boys came up to my register and asked where the pokemon books were. big bro: i already have a book with one hundred and thirty pokemon, so now i need a book with one hundred and twenty more! lil bro: and i want a hundred and twenty more too! me: well good news, our books definitely have that many. ((there are like 700+ pokemon these days, it's bananas.)) so i told them where the books were, and suggest they go to customer services if they need help finding them because i wasn't able to leave my register. some time later they came back with their parents to check out. they gushed the whole time about how much they love pokemon, which one was their favorite (galvantula), and it was just super cute, but their mom was the icing on the cake: mom: kindergarten, right? me: oh no, my boyfriend turns twenty-eight next month and he still talks about pokemon just like that. mom: ...oh my god.this story is my favourite one to tell new staff members about how the customer doesn't always win. it's a long read but very worth it. by the way this story takes place in australia. i worked at a bakery as a manager of sorts which involved a lot of disputes about baked goods (we made cakes entirely from scratch, something that's uncommon where i live) on a friday afternoon a couple of old ladies in nice clothes come in and completely ignore the queue and anxiously shout that they need a cake for tomorrow (a bakers nightmare). i politely tell them that i'll be with them as soon as i can as the shop was filled with regulars who were loyal to the shop and i didn't want to invalidate them. this concept seemed to be lost on these lovely ladies as they pushed their way to the coffee machine and told the barista (a timid 16 year old girl) that they urgently needed to order a cake. she seemed a bit intimidated by them but stood her ground and informed them that she's not in charge of that, earning her a high five from me later. they literally huffed, i could hear both their 'huffs' separately at the same time. i had taken a mental note of where they were in the line and gave one of the regulars (a former employee) an exasperated look and he winked and gestured for them to be served, earning him a free coffee for the day. the following conversation is word for word. the ladies are known as arrogant birch 1 &amp; 2 (ab1 &amp; ab2) me: "hi there, sorry about... ab1: "finally!!!" me: "...the wait, it's pretty frantic at the momen-" ab2: "i'm having a party i need to order a cake for tomorrow!" me: "we usually require 48 hours notice on cake orders, otherwise there is a $10 surcharge." (this was optional on my end, i was going to try to build some rapport). ab2: "oh.. we only found out about it this morning" (yeah... a party you heard about this morning and need a custom cake for) i looked over my shoulder and quietly told them that i understand and i hate that policy so i'll waive the fee if we keep it between us. you would think they would be appreciative, but no... they smelled weakness. i showed them our cakes and they decided on an 10"x12" vanilla slice cake with blue icing on top with some edible flowers ($65, i smelled chanel no5 and she had an oroton bag. i could've charged $95) and i took their $15 deposit. i had showed them our range of blue colours and they agreed on a specific shade of blue. i started at 1:30am that saturday as i was learning how to cook, as i was trained in coffee mainly. so it was me and the owner, a total character. he was 110% irish so naturally we had a few beers and he taught me and we joked around till opening time which was always a blast. i told him about ab1&amp;2 and he rolled his eyes and called them 'feckin cunts' and taught me how to hand craft chocolate flowers for their cake (which was fucking awesome). by 2pm we were exhausted but had some fresh staff handling the customers. enter ab2 (the bitchier one). i could hear her shouting into her phone from the back. i gave irish a look making him chuckle and throw air punches, before heading out the front with her cake. me: "hi there ab2 (she saw me and gave a look of contempt, great start) we just finished your cake (3-4 hours ago) would you like to have a look?" ab2: "of course! you think i'll take it without seeing it?" i chuckled and showed her the cake and she let out a disgusted groan. ab2: "this isn't what i ordered!" me: "oh i'm sorry (i was tired and gave her the benefit of the doubt), what did you order?" ab2: "its the wrong colour!" me: "oh i'm sorry what was it meant to be?" ab2: "its the wrong blue!" she then proceeds to pull out a selection of blue swatches used for paint colours!! ab2: "i wanted this one... give me a discount!" i've had enough by now. me: "the price is $65 and with your $15 deposit the remaining due is $50." ab2: "this is completely unacceptable i.. demand.. to speak to your manag-" me: "i am the manager." (pretty much true at the time) ab2: "well... i want to speak to the owner!" me: "k" i fetch irish who's already in a shit mood as his wife's coming in soon and he comes out the front. irish: "allrighht whats thee cohmmootion?!" he knows everyone within a 10mile radius at all times, so a barrage of greetings hit him and he says hello to 10 people is 10 seconds in 10 different ways (a skill he had). ab2: "your-" irish: "do ya wan' the 'fecking' caike or not?!" ab2: "i was just.. discount-" irish: "thee price es whataver he says itis!" he then proceeds to hold he cake over the bin! irish: "yees or noh?" ab2: "i wan-" bam! he throws the cake in the bin and the store erupts in laughter!! and i thrust her deposit into her hands. irish: "nhext!!" she didn't come back.long time lurker, first time poster, there is no dana, only zuul.... this is a story about sir. in college, i worked in a large retail store part time during the year and full time during the summer. my second summer on the job, i had been sort of promoted to second in charge within the domestics department. all day, every day i’d maintain the aisles and back room and stock shelves. one day, i am refolding a wall of towels that i had watched get systematically destroyed by a family redecorating their bathroom. i’m slightly grumps because we have all of the towels open and displayed in plain sight and customers often unknowingly damage the towels when they open them and then decide they do not want them anymore. every time, they would replace them by twirling the towel into a heap and stuffing it into the shelf, often snagging the fabric (we had horrible metal shelves that corporate refused to replace). i’m sorting through the crumpled towels, attempting to carefully extract them from the jaws of mischief when a new employee approaches me. &gt;ne: um, sorry. could you help me please? &gt;me: hey, yeah. what’s up? &gt;ne: well, uh. there’s a guy who needs some help and i’m not sure how to help him. i think he’s chinese but i can’t understand what he wants. &gt;me: ok, sure. where is he? &gt;*she points towards vacuums, giggles uncomfortably, and then walks away.* i’m a little confused that she just booked it, but she’s new and doesn’t really understand how to hand off customers yet. i leave my department and see a little old asian guy wandering near the vacuum aisle. i casually walk on up to him. &gt;me: “sir, can i help you-? oh my.” i almost step back as sir starts waving his hands around like a lunatic. it was a little overwhelming. he’s spinning his arms around and reaching out towards me and twisting his hands around in a lewd manner. he even mimicked spraying something on his face. i now understand why ne got intimidated. if his face hadn’t been so pained and humiliated, i would’ve thought he was just being rude. he continued to make these motions while i looked at him, attempting to understand what was going on. he pointed at his shopping cart, towards the shelves, and then started the motions again. that’s when it clicked: i was in a real life game of charades. once i figured this out, i began to focus on what he was doing. i also looked at his cart, saw a sun hat and sunblock, and realized what it was. he wanted a personal fan that sprays water on your face. i motioned for him to come with me, and led him to the back of the store where an end cap had a display of plastic fan bottles. the look of happiness and relief on his face was like sunshine. his excitement was almost tangible as he picked out a couple and then began to mime out another item. i spent 15 more minutes helping him find the items he was unable to locate, all through his movements and gestures (i will never forget him describing hot sauce). i hadn’t had that much fun with a customer until that point or since. he was absolutely delightful. he eventually became a regular at the store. he began to call me "jean" (meh, it starts with an j, so close enough). i also began to carry a pad of paper and a pencil in order to help us out sometimes. a friend of mine taught me some basic formal chinese for when i was confused (just simple stuff like “how many,” “i don’t understand,” “please draw it”). my last year working there, sir brought in his son to the store and brought him to my department. sir’s son was just as cheery as his father. he thanked me for being such a help to his father and apologized for any time it took me away from my job. i was absolutely touched that he had mentioned me to his family. sir was well known and well liked in the store by the time i had left, and i was certain that he’d have a charades partner for as long as he wanted. edit: wow, guys. this outpouring of support and good vibes is one of the reasons this is my favorite sub. all of these stories you've posted about your experiences are beautiful. i know i’m biased, but i firmly believe working in retail improves your character. although retail is a tough line of work to be in, it strengthens you and helps you discover that you have the ability to make a difference in people’s lives, no matter how small your action may seem at the time. it’s lovely that through all the issues and crap we have to deal with, all i see on this sub is a group of amazing people who support and lift each other up. you guys blow me away. once upon a time, i used to work in a small town mom-pop pet store. the owner and her daughter are what we considered the 'managers', and they would usually rotate days so that at least one of them was present in the store at all times on any given day. the mother, t, and the daughter, h, also just so happen to specialize in different animal areas in the store. h oversees all of the fish herself, especially the salt water tanks, since they can be a little tricky to maintain. it's a slow day, and in the later afternoon h and i are just starting the rounds of food and water before we close in a couple of hours, when this older lady walks in. she starts telling us about her son, who is actively in afghanistan somewhere, but would be coming home for good soon. he loves salt water fish, and when he went into the service several years prior he had to give up all of the fish and tanks since there would be no one to care for them properly while he was away. she tells us that she has cared for his empty house since he left, and wants to get a full salt water tank set up in his living room to surprise him when he gets home. this of course hits all the 'aww' buttons for us as this old lady is just trying to do something sweet for her military son. so we start gathering everything she needs such as the filter system, substrate, fake plant life(she insisted), and fish food etc. once we've walked her through picking out all of the hardware, we start getting into her options of live fish(to be ordered and picked up later), and when it's all said and done she's racked up a receipt of over $1500. we've spent over an hour with her at this point, and have made sure to repeatedly tell her everything that she has to do to maintain the tank for the few days until the son gets home. we also recommend getting a book for fish tank beginners that we offer by the register just in case she forgets anything we tell her. as she pulls out a bank envelope to pay, it's only about twenty minutes until closing, and therefore we've been happily helping her for almost two hours. she's just handed the money to h, when she drops this bombshell. "so when i get this stuff to his house, i just throw some table salt into the water and the fish will be fine once they get in there?" apparently our two hour conversation went completely in one ear and out the other, and h just looks stunned for a moment as she's unsure of what to say. we ended up making a list of every little thing she'd purchased, packed everything into the empty tank, and set it in the back room to wait. we convinced her that he would be much more excited to set it up himself, and after a little talking she took a shine to that idea. she paid for a store credit so that he could pick out the fish he wanted, and h put her signature on the list and receipt to reassure her that we wouldn't forget everything was already paid for. he came in about a week later with the list and receipt. he was incredibly excited, and thanked us profusely for not letting his mother take anything home herself as he revealed that she had no one to help her carry the heavy tank. he was very grateful for our help and patience, and went home a happy guy. edit: detailsthis is my first story here, but i have more. this happened only 3 days ago. i work at a somewhat large gas station. despite its size, we typically only have 1 person working at a time. we're never very busy. anyway, i'm working the closing shift and the store, as always, is pretty dead after 9:00pm. a woman walks in; she's skinny, tattooed, and wearing lots of makeup. she wanders around for a long time without really looking for anything in particular. i'm thinking, "whatever, people show up high all the time." eventually she decides on some things and brings them to the counter. i do the standard "anything else for you/your total is" thing and she starts making small talk. &gt;"man, pay day sounds good about now." &gt;"yeah, i get my paycheck tomorrow." &gt;"oh really? i get paid every day." then she leans in closer and looks me in the eyes. &gt;"got any big plans with that paycheck of yours?" &gt;"um, i'm saving for school haha..." i think i need an adult. i'd love to say that this was my idea, but i was only a witness to this moment of genius. i was queuing in the ten items or less line in a well-known uk supermarket chain. just as the cashier was helping one elderly customer bag her items, with the next guy about to unload his items onto the counter, a short woman in a business suit pushed her way in between him and the cashier. i heard her mumble to him "just grabbing lunch, i'm running late", before chucking her meal deal, which consisted of a sandwich, a bottle of juice and a packet of crisps, onto the counter. i should clarify that i was about third out of six or seven people in this queue and there was only one ten items or less lane; the store was busy and we were all trying to buy our lunches. as the cashier was helping the first lady with her bags and credit card, the guy who was *supposed* to be next in line - without saying a *single word* to the queue-jumper - picked her bottle of juice off the counter, knelt down and rolled it along the ground towards the back of the queue! she turned to him as he picked up her packet of crisps and chucked them to the back of the queue, too. her expression will be burned into my memory for eternity. she couldn't legitimately complain, because she, along with everyone around her, was perfectly aware of what she had tried to do. plus, there was a whole queue of hungry british people observing her now! she stared daggers at the guy she tried to skip, picked up her sandwich, then storming off (a whole five metres) to pick the rest of her lunch off the floor, then disappeared back into the aisles in a fit of embarrassed rage. the tension generated in those few moments made me feel proud to be british. i still don't know if she managed to buy her lunch that day.during my time in the retail industry i was hired for night shift but training took place in the morning shift. this story took place during my training. they have a training system that goes like this: 1 day orientation, 1.5 days book training, 1 day computer training, 1 day on the day shift floor to wait for authentication of online testing. now, they are slow with their implementation of testing, because as it were there was a delay between the modules being ready for the individual employees and the book training to be complete. so training took 6 days. well, on my last day of training, i came into the training center and the coordinator for training and employees was dealing with this guy that had a thick trinidadian accent. he couldn't read or write in english, she asked me to help him with filing out his job application on the job center machine. i happily obliged and took him to one and began testing. i put in his name for him, i read him the questions, i chose the corresponding answer for him and this took about 2 hours because of a mixture of him not understanding the questions and taking a while to answer them. but, he also kept saying he was a good worker and that he likes working because it keeps him busy. i liked him; he always smiled and was very friendly. after his application was complete, i said goodbye to him and wished him good luck. well, fast forward 2 months later, i was walking back to the break room and i saw a man folding clothes in the clothing section that looked like the man i had helped apply for a job just months prior. he looked up and saw me, with a smile already on his face, and he got really happy, ran up to me, and hugged me. he thanked me over and over again and told me he loved working there and that he was so grateful. i was really happy for him, seeing him make part-time made it even better.today there is an event at 3, a hockey game. usually a pretty big mix of people. i just had the weirdest customer ever pull in. dude pulls up: roboto: how. much. is. parking. me: (dfuq) ten dollars sir. he then proceeds to do slow motion robot moves to pull out his wallet. noises and all. roboto: zzzt. cchhh. vvvv. cha. here. you. go. hu-man. me: tha... thank you. as he's pulling away, i see a young boy in the back seat with a physical disability, smiling his ass off clutching a toy robot. fathering, this guy gets it. as for backstory i told you all about some money i found christmas eve, and today i had this woman come through with a little girl who was 7 years old. the little girl was brought in by her mom so she could spend her christmas money she got from her family which was on a few gift cards. she had 35 dollars in total on them all together. the little girl tells me all about her bike she found that she loves. it had a basket, handle bar streamers, and has my little ponies her favorite cartoon. i scan the bike, and it rings up to 53 dollars, and change. the girl hands me the cards, and i run them, and give them the remaining total. the mom looks at me, and said i only have 10 dollars. she turns to the little girl, and tells her she cannot afford the bike. the look on her face was heart breaking. now on christmas eve i came into 250 dollars in a pass it forward surprise. i looked at the mom, and told her according to state law the girl was required to have a helmet to ride a bike. the mom frowns more, and i tell my supervisor to cover the counter for a minute, and tell her to follow me. i take her over to the helmet section, and i see a my little pony helmet in the girls size, and she tries it on. the mom then said i cannot afford it. i told her not to worry about it. we get her some elbow, and knee pads too. i then take them back to the register, and have my supervisor to rering the bike, and other stuff. he then looks at me, and realized what was going on, and tags my discount onto it. i give him the girls gift cards he runs them, and i finish paying for the rest, and hand the receipt to the mom, and told them merry christmas. the girl was so excited to get the bike, and the mom stuttered trying to thank me. i told her i had a kindness given to me, and when she could just pay it forward. the little girl was so excited as she left, and as she was leaving hollered thank you! she then looked at her mom, and said i got a new bike!!! after a very eventful week in which i missed work because i was extremely ill, i finally returned to my hallowed spot behind the register. since the winter is mighty slow for us, i guess one of my bosses got antsy and decided to tweak our pos settings so new and fun things printed out on our receipt. in hindsight, it really was my fault for leaving her unattended with the register for a week. one of these new and fun things happened to include the receipt now printing the first and last name of the cashier who rang them up. i'm not a crazy privacy nut but this, this freaked me out and pissed me off. the receipt already prints out our employee code when we ring the sale. i called my boss and asked her what pos option she had fiddled it so i could fiddle it back to off. imagine my shock at her shock on why i would want to do this. what is so bad about the receipt printing the first and last name of the cashier? oh, i don't know. irate customers having personal information, crazy customers having personal information, any customer having personal information. the list goes on. my first and last name are one google search away from my address, my facebook, my embarrassing angst-riddled teenage blogs that i keep meaning to delete. my boss told me to leave the option turned on. so i created a fake facebook account, using a male name and sent her a private message detailing how i thought she was so pretty and how i was too shy to say that when she rang me up, but i got her name off the receipt and just had to contact her. two hours after i sent the message, she called me and told me to turn the option off. i recently discovered this sub and i am hooked! i love all the good and even bad stories because i just laugh at how crazy people are. here's one of my own. i worked as a cashier at a grocery store and for the most part enjoyed it. people made small talk and were typically polite. i knew most of the regulars by name. there was one asian lady who came in quite frequently with her husband who was in a wheelchair. he seemed like a grump and she was a bit eccentric - probably 40's, pink hair, hello kitty stuff, they were an interesting couple but always seemed to get along. i mentioned she was asian because sometimes he would have to decipher what she was saying or correct her english a bit. well one day she comes in and buys a ton of the pork on sale. i asked her what it was all for and really only understood 'dumplings' but she was excitedly saying something else. i couldn't quite catch it, smiled and nodded and sent her on her way. a few hours later she returns, with her husband and a large to go box, seeks me out and really excitedly hands me the box. i was pretty confused and her husband explained that she really wanted me to try her amazing dumplings because i was so nice to her all the time. well, they were amazing and pretty much every time i saw her after that she had a small container of dumplings just for me. she always managed to catch me before a break or lunch, which was awesome! she was really sad when i told her i was moving on to a new job after about a year and she made sure to bring me some extra dumplings the last time she saw me. edit: i'm glad you all seem to really enjoy this story :) i'll have a few more to come, but they'll be the crazy type. i am a customer service manager at a small locally owned grocery store and i was on phone duty which involves transferring calls to other departments and taking orders for cafe and catering. a woman called and said she needed to make a change to one of her orders. me: **"yes, ma'am that would be no problem. may i have the name on the order and the date for which it was placed"** her: *"my name is suzy q. but his name is johnny. he drowned in the bahamas. they just found his body so it will take a week. they said they might have to freeze it to make it last that long, can ya'll do that?"* me: **"ma'am we don't do that here"** her: *"but i called yesterday and they said they could freeze it for transportation. how is it going to last a week until the funeral if it's not frozen? it will start to stink and his mother will be upset."* me: **"ma'am this is a grocery store, you realize that right? we don't transport bodies."** her: *"i was talking about the lasagna and you are being very rude and insensitive. do they teach you all customer service? can you pack it to freeze or not?"* me: **"yes ma'am that won't be a problem."** she then hung up the phone promptly. my superior was standing there listening to the whole conversation and when i explained the whole thing to him he laughed. lesson to be learned: specify what you are talking about. lasagna or bodies.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. i've posted a few other stories [here]( if you're interested. **story:** a guy came in to pick up some fireworks. he was having a party and wanted to put on an impressive show for his friends. i spent about 20 minutes walking him through the store, explaining the different items to him, and showing him videos of the stuff to help him pick out exactly what he wanted. he mentioned a couple of times how he usually goes to &lt;other store&gt; and how their prices were cheaper. each time, i’d apologized, but i let him know that our prices were usually less than theirs, and that i thought that we had beat them on each of the items in question. the third time it happened, i walked to our counter and grabbed the new catalog from &lt;other store&gt;. i found the stuff he had mentioned, and showed him how we were in fact cheaper on every item that he had selected (and that’s why i keep catalogs from my competitors on the counter). in fact, on a couple of items, we were about half of &lt;other store&gt; price. amazingly, he didn’t seem happy about it, but he kept shopping. by the time he was ready to check out, he had a rolling flat cart full of stuff. it was mostly large assortment packages, finale cakes, and big mortar kits, with a few smaller items here and there. to speed things up, and prevent us from having to unload all the big kits onto the counter, i started calling out the prices for the bigger items to the cashier (my dad). about halfway through, i got to one of the largest items, a massive mortar kit, and called out the price of $199.95. when my dad was ringing it in, the register display looked like it had screwed up, so i stopped him and went to check it out. sure enough, the item had rung in at $19.95. while i’m talking to my dad about it, the customer walks over and demands to see the mistake. i show him that the last entry was for $19.95 instead of $199.95. he immediately tells me that i have to sell the item to him at the price that rang up. i showed him that the item itself had the correct price tag on it, and that the cashier had just miss-keyed it when he had rung it in. the guy gets agitated and repeatedly starts telling me that i have to legally sell the thing to him at that price since the cashier had rung it in like that. i calmly explained that if the item had been priced wrong, i would sell it to him at the incorrect price, but since it was just a miss-key, we would just void the last item rung in and do it again. now armchair lawyer guy (alg) starts yelling that he knows his rights and that i’m breaking the law if i have the cashier change the price and i don’t sell it to him at the wrong price. now i’ve had the staff screw up before when doing pricing, and if we put the wrong lower price tag on something, that’s what i’m going to sell it to you for. i also know that unless it’s an **advertised** price, i don’t **legally** have to do it, but if i screwed up, i’m going to eat that mistake and re-price the item after we’re done. (side note to josh c. - happy birthday today! and next time, pay attention to the damn price list when you’re using the price gun, because i know most of these screw-ups have your name on them. also, go back to school and don’t do drugs). me: are you telling me that legally, even if we screwed up, i can’t have the cashier fix a mistake and that i have to sell you the item at whatever price was keyed into the register?!? alg: yes! me: (looking at my dad) i guess we’re going to have to charge him whatever you keyed in. i calmly walked back around the counter and picked up another item from his cart, a small fountain with a price tag of $9.95, and continued calling out the prices. when we were all done, my dad gave him the total. alg: that can’t be right! that’s way too much! there’s no way i got that much stuff! dad: oops! looks like the fountain rang in for $995.95. did you want to pay that in cash or with a credit card? alg just glared at my dad for a few seconds then quietly asked if we could fix it. we happily fixed both mistakes, boxed up his items, and sent him on his way with a smile. hey tfr people! so for background, i work at a kiosk in a mall where i repair cracked phones and do other mind numbing work that i can now probably do in my sleep. i've been doing this job for a little over two years and can fix an iphone, for example, in about 15 minutes. i apologize for the wall of text. anyway, this story happened last night. so, a family of three walk up (mother, father and daughter) but only the father spoke to me and this is where conversation starts. note: when i was handed this girls phone she had a case with [this]( image on it and was already about to laugh. customer will be **c** and i of course will be **me**. **c:** how much does it cost to fix my daughters phone and can it be fixed? **me:** oh it's very repairable, after tax and labor, it comes to $xxx.xx. **c:** do it *fuck, he's one of these guys...* **me:** alright then, i just need a name and signature on this disclaimer we have. at this point, i've taken their phone and am prepping to work on it. **c:** do i have to use my real name? *pause* now, over the 2+ years i've worked here, i have never heard this question. so i was kind of taken by surprise by it. for a minute, i thought he was one of those paranoid people. *play* **me:** um.. well i guess you don't have to. it's preferred since we can look you up in our system faster later. **c:** oh ok. i turn back around and start to use my tools on the phone when customer guy throws me another curve ball question. **c:** can my daughter play the piano when this is done? i manage to turn and see him smirking a little and go back to his serious poker face so i pick up that he's joking. **me:** well i would hope so. *slight laughter* **c:** oh ok great! she's never even touched one before so it's good to hear her skill won't change in the slightest. i'm on the verge of outright laughing at this point. i manage to hold it back and finish my repair. i snap her grumpy cat case back on, hand her phone back but then she mentions the home button isn't working. *oh that's an easy fix* **me:** ah, don't worry. give me one second and i'll have that fixed. **c:** one. try it now "insert girls name" **me:** haha well i haven't done what i need to yet. i pull out a giant clear bag half full of spare parts. **c:** holy shit man! i burst out laughing at this point. i take what i need and fix her home button. afterwards, i just ask for a signature to confirm they are satisfied with the repair and that they picked up their phone. while he does this (it's taking an oddly long time to just sign his name) i tell him how much it'll be again, take the paperwork from him so i can do the usual "have a good night mr. so and so." i briefly glance at the document so i can catch his last name. he's already handing me the cash by now and this is where i lost it. **me:** alright, that'll be $xxx.xx. thank you and you have a good night mr. duck. i'm looking at this man dead in the eyes at this moment when my voice trails off as i finished my sentence. i look back at the paper to make sure i read it right. lo and behold, there it was.. "donald duck." he had tried to sign as donald duck before, messed up, scribbled it out and wrote "thank you!" instead. i'm so close to laughing. i can feel it building up but i have to play on this. **me:** sir, i'm going to have to hold you here while i call mall security. *completely taken aback by this* **c:** what?! why?! **me:** sir, i've met donald duck. he's a giant duck in a sailor type getup with no pants. he works and lives in florida. you are no donald duck. i have reason to believe you have stolen his identity. *i'm holding back so much right now because i want to make it seem serious.* **c:** fuck! he's onto us! i fucking lost it when he said that. the daughter is facepalming, the mother is just standing there with a "what the fuck?" look on her face as the father hauls ass out of there and rounds the nearest corner. i'm nearly on the floor laughing by now. i still haven't rung them up at this point and when i calm down i look at the wife. **me:** i've never laughed so hard in the entire time i've worked here. i'm discounting this sale by $35 (this is the most i can take off. some of it being the labor fee that gives me commission). y'all are the best customers i've ever had. she thanks me starts laughing and takes her still facepalming daughter with her. **tl;dr** had a customer who stole donald ducks' identity. edit: alright, alright. i'll x-post this to /r/dadjokes edit 2: words. edit 3: holy shit, quote of the day! thanks for reading everyone!a couple years ago when the ps4 and xbox one came out, i was working in the electronics department of a big box store. naturally, it being early december and the consoles being brand new, we were sold out, and orders to get more in were backed up due to high demand. so i come into work for 7am, an hour before the doors open, and there is a lady waiting in her carto stay warm before the store to open, no big deal, happens a lot this time of year. at 8, we open the doors, and she beelines for my department. before i can even say hi, she demands the ps4 we have in stock. now i had just checked inventory as part of my routine, and knew we didn't receive any, so we were still out of stock, with an "undefined" under estimated delivery, meaning our suppliers didn't know when nor have any either. i apologize to her, and inform her of the situation, but she is having none of it. she tells me she phoned last night and was told we were going to be getting one first thing in the morning. which is strange, because i was the only one who was in the previous night when she said she called. realizing that she was going to start to cause trouble, i suggested she try other stores in the area, as they might have some in stock. then she blows up at me, insulting me and demanding to speak with my manager. unfortunately for her, i was the manager for my department, and upon being informed of this, she didn't know what to say for a minute. after a few seconds of silence she started the customer is always right speech, and demanded that i sell her our display ps4 for a 75% discount because of the inconvenience i caused her and the use it had already received. but i couldn't sell the display, and when i told her that, she started calling me a liar, saying i was planning on buying it myself (no thanks, i like pc). at that point, i asked her if there was anything else she was looking for that i could help her with. she then decided to channel her inner kid, and just repeatedly say ps4 over and over. i laughed in her face at how immature she was being, and said, "well, if you're trying to do a better portrayal of a four year old, we have some huggies just a few aisles down over there." i then went to the back room warehouse to continue my duties, and when i came back 5 minutes later, she was gone, and i never saw her again. back in october 2001, nickelback was burning up the airwaves with their angsty canadian rock, and their latest cd was the top seller at our music store for months. one morning, 20 minutes before opening the store, i noticed a woman pacing outside the door with that nickelback cd and a receipt in hand. once 10am rolled around, i unlocked and opened the door for her, and before i could say anything... her: "one of your employees sold me a bad cd last night! it doesn't play at all! not in my car, not in my computer, not in my cd player. it just says error. give me another one!" because she had her receipt from the night before, i had no problem switching her faulty cd for another copy. we had tons in stock, so i grabbed a new one for her and threw the bad one into our "defectives" box. before she left, i opened the cellophane for her and checked that the disk was in good shape, and she ran out to her car. not 30 seconds later, she comes back into the store, on the verge of tears. her: "this cd doesn't work either! same thing: error! what kind of mean joke are you trying to pull? are you making fun of me for liking nickelback?" me: "no, ma'am... uh... nickelback is awesome! maybe it was a defective batch of cds from the distributor. let me try it in our store player to see if i get the same error." i checked the cd... it did not have any scratches or fingerprints, so i popped it into our player. a few seconds later, the generic rock sounds of nickelback played throughout the store. the woman was shocked. her: "i can't believe it! how did you get it to work? i tried everything! i even followed the instructions on the cover and put it into the player [silver side up]( edit: thanks for the gold! and, yeah, i know this sounds like an elaborate dad joke, but it really happened. if you worked in this store back in the early aughts, you'd understand.so, i had discovered that some enterprising person had replicated staff check seals (little stickers put on staff purchases by a manager type as proof of purchase) and was selling them online. part of me loved the enterprising nature of whoever this was, selling stickers 'for novelty use only'. i thought id do the right thing and i emailed the link to the auction to the store manager. got a reply thanking me and it would be sent of yada yada... each time i was on the online auction site, say weekly, id check and they continued to be sold. one day i was in the staff room eating lunch, the loss prevention manager for the chain came and sat opposite, we'd run into each other before so we were chatting a little bit. anyway, having a chat and he asks me 'what would you do to help with loss prevention?' so i told them about the checkseals. to say he lost it is an understatement. he released me from store duties, we went into the office and had a phonelink with all sorts of people about it. we then went to the police station, filed a police report and did as much research on the seller, buyers who bought the stuff etc (back before the online auction locked everything down) all of which took the whole day. i was told not to say anything to anyone. to be honest, i largely forgot about it. a month or so later, i was summoned to head office interstate. it turns out that the seller was an asm from a store interstate, and every buyer the police tracked was an employee. the asm sold at least 500 roles of 1000 stickers. i was given a 'exec for a day' type of few days, a cash bonus, 5 star hotel, promise of a reference in the future etc. i obviously knew why, but they kept coy about the details. only at the end of the few days, i was told that the catch was likely to save the company in excess of $500k! this was when i was still reasonably new to the workforce, i felt like a million bucks. at a time when i wasn't sure what to do with my life i was on the radar of some serious execs. i went back into my store and you know what? nothing. no-one knew a thing. i could not leverage it at all, everyone was under the impression i was on leave. a couple of weeks later, the sm asked while i was filling drinks 'oh, i never followed your email up, are they still selling?'. talk about coming back down to earth :/i found out that you don't even need to be working retail to get the brunt of some rude customers. i went to a school whose name is similar to a large craft store chain. we'll just say the store started with a.c. something and my school's name started with moore. i was home from break and working at a local sandwich/connivence store. after work one day i decided i needed some brushes, and a.c. something was on the way. so i'm wearing my work uniform from my sandwich store(its just a polo shirt). i'm also wearing a lanyard that is plastered with my school's name and attached are my keys and my student id which is also plastered with my school's name. i'm in the painting section which is next to the fake flowers when an elderly lady doesn't just tap, but grabs my arm. lady: you, are there any more tulips? me: uh, i'm sorry? lady: where are the rest of the tulips? me: sorry, i don't know. i don't work here. lady. don't lie to me it says you do right here. the woman points to my lanyard and school id. me: oh no! that's where i go to school. (laughing) lady: don't laugh at me, goddamn lazy employees. i'm going to go get your manager and you'll see who is laughing now! she walks away and i go back to looking at paint. about three minutes later i hear the shrill voice of the old lady again. lady: there she is! that's the girl! what i assume to be the asst. manager looks pissed. asst manager: i'm writing you up and you are going to help this woman. me: i'm sorry? asst manager: if you don't help this woman i'm writing you up twice. me: i don't work here. asst: okay if that's what you want consider yourself fired. the old lady has a smug look on her face. right then though what i assume to be the manager appears and asks the asst manager what happened. asst: she refuses to help this woman. the manager looks pissed as well but when he walks up to me his face drops and he looks amused. manager: you don't work here. me: nope. lady: she's a bad employee! manager: she is not an employee m'am, she doesn't work here. lady: because you fired her! manager: no, because she never worked here. the manager then tells the old woman that he cannot have customers harassing other customers and he tells her to leave. he profusely apologizes to me, the woman turns bright purple and slinks away. i get a 10% off coupon and the manager tells the asst. manager to meet him in the back office. i still have no idea how the asst. thought i worked there. i'm guessing he just had no clue who was working there. (obviously) now i always remember not to wear that lanyard and to stuff it in my bag before shopping there. i work in a catalogue store in the uk in which part of our job involves bringing items out from the stockroom to a collection desk where customers then pick them up. as part of our customer service, with anything remotely big/heavy, the colleague handing over the item will ask the customer if they would like a hand carrying it out to their car. necessary context for this story: i'm female, 22, about 5"1', and incredibly skinny. so i'm working in the stockroom and bring out a box of flatpack furniture, weighing 21kg, if i remember correctly (boxes are labelled with weight). heavy-ish to me, but i can lift more. i dump it down on the desk while my colleague marks off the customers receipt and gives the standard "do you need any help carrying that" query. the customer, labelled pc for 'presumptuous customer', laughs and responds with this right in from of me: &gt;pc: oh, if that little girl can carry it i'm sure it's not too heavy! she couldn't lift it.so yesterday was the first real summer day in my part of the world. it's boiling hot, glorious sunshine, all we're selling is barbecues and burgers. we all know those days where all you hear is "oh it's lovely out, sucks to be you!" yeah, don't i bloody know it. enter charming black man (british-african-caribbean for the pc among you) note: i'm a pasty white girl "hey girl, are you having a good day?" "not with that weather out there, sir." -*cheeky grin*- "damn right, you should be out in that sun -*leans over*- i was the same colour as you this morning!" ladies and gentlemen, *that* is how you make someone's day.hello tfr. this tale happened yesterday, at my job in a uk technology shop. i was covering my co-worker as greeter, a man comes into the shop, and made a beeline for me. i greet him, and prepare myself for any problems he may have. him: what are these? i find myself holding a small sandwich bag, the insides stained black with printer ink. in the bowels of the bag are two cartridges. i examine them, trying to see if i can find a product code or identifying mark. all it has is a list of canon printers it's compatible with. "i think these are a pg-520 and a cl-521, si-" "well then go fetch them. good girl." i freeze for a second, as he's expecting me to run across half of our quite large store to fetch these for him as he's too entitled to do it himself. all i can manage is a "sorry, i'm staying here." and point him in the direction of our printing section. stop trying to make 'fetch' happen, it's not going to happen. yesterday was a really cold day. temps dropped below freezing after a very humid, and warm couple of weeks. this usually means we have to deal with tons of battery purchases, and installations. we were not disappointed. usually people want cheap batteries except some people want batteries that are not made for there car. we carry a low power battery it might have the power to make a geo metro turn over, but thats about it. this guy comes in, and sees the cheap battery, and he wants the battery. i ask him year, make, model of vehicle. he tells me it is a 90s model chevy pickup. i tell him the battery does not have the power to turn over the truck, and this is usually where the problems arise. people do not like being told there vehicle takes a bigger more expensive battery we carry 3 tiers of batteries in most sizes. a cheapo which you use to sell the car, a mid grade which has a little power, but a good cold snap will kill them, and the expensive one which has more than enough power to electrocute a herd of derps. prices vary widely on the size, and power. the man asks how do you know it won't work. i told him the minimum cold crank amps for his truck, and pointed out the cheap battery was a good 400 amps lower than that. he nods, and goes alright. he goes off, and grabs the one we recommend. my co-worker looks at me, and goes what the eff just happened. were so used to people arguing with us it threw us off. so i've been at my store for about 3 hours and just finished my 3 training classes [android 101 w/sassy octogenarians]. not that stressful but definitely sapped 85% of my daily allotment of patience [there was supposed to just be one class at 1pm ... long story]. anyway a man approaches me with his wife and a young child. hands me a dinosaur and says his cell phone carrier told him i could save his phone. he had it in his pocket when it rained. it was stuck on a certain screen and they hoped i could reinstall android. i may have been able to but his phone was way too old and the official software wasn't available. he then asked if i could transfer things around and move him into an existing phone, his daughter's iphone. i said yes. he then asked if he would lose anything on the phone. she had just passed away 8 months to the day. i could see the pain behind his eyes and his wife's eyes were even more telling. i told him we would take care of it. [at that moment i'd do anything] we had to 'hack' past the lock screen with brute force by way of playing 20 questions. finally we got in. now the apple id password. rinse repeat 20 questions and we eventually got it [the mother had a very close relationship with her daughter]. then we went to download google drive to host the files ... phone required to update to new version. hell no! so we tried to use a back up from itunes and special software to transfer the data. no dice. we then tried to use a special machine to transfer the data to my phone. no dice [both of these things are not supposed to fail]. finally we realized that my rooted phone was the cause. so i pulled a demo phone from my table and used it. once we had that, we (the employees of the store) purchased a special usb that had micro and full size usb on it. we transferred the data there and created a cloud based account to host the files. we handed him the usb and moved the phone numbers to the working devices. i lost a few opportunities to sell my products that day [four hours about]. but i won a customer for life yesterday and anyone he tells the story to will probably feel the same way. after spending hours with him and learning about how his wife nursed his daughter for two years until her death (fuck cancer). their daughter suffering while pregnant [when they discovered it]. the poor child [granddaughter] playing with my kids tablet and the deep set pain in her eyes. [she got a balloon and two gummy bears the size of your fist from my bribery stash]. it made me feel emotions that you try to avoid ... but right now ... i have an enormous sense of wellbeing. tl; dr - we did a good thing reddit. try and find an opportunity for yourselves. the interactions aren't all bad. edit: i'm absolutely flattered right now. but i'm also exhausted. they were back today. the little girl pointed at a picture of a sunset and said to me that is where mommy is ... in heaven. there is more but i need time to process this. soon as i get today unstuck from my eyeballs i'll add to the story. also thank you so very much for the gold. just give me a bit to decompress. see you all very soon you magnificent people! edit: so they came back to see if we could resurrect his [the grandfather's] original phone to save his contacts. i didnt think we could without fixing the os. so we tried to find a the stock version of android that goes with his phone. couldn't find anything but custom software that other people had made. problem was it would wipe the phone if we installed it. not helping. but it got me thinking. why don't we just do that. then root the device and use something to recover the files. even though they would have been 'deleted'. too risky. so instead we basically gave the phone cpr. we kept forcing a reboot until ... magically we saw a splash screen. i wish i could have released balloons from the ceiling. during the process i got to share this post with the family. the mother began to cry a little. the granddaughter actually was doing her best to cheer me up. she was earily okay with mom being "healed now". i was in awe of her. the whole ordeal i will remember for a good long while. i want to mention that without the help and support of the other staff. i doubt this would have turned out the way it did. thanks guys. [you bet your sweet buns i told them reddit. like a lot.]a couple of years ago, i worked at an office supplies store as a cashier. i was doing this to earn a little income while working on my bachelor's degree, and plus i liked the job and the people i worked with. the worst time for our store was during "back - to - school", a time when everyone one came in during the tax free weekend to buy school supplies for their special snowflakes. it was crazy busy, so we had everyone working that day and manning the registers, including my managers. this one upper-class woman with bleached blonde hair carrying a designer purse came up to the register and threw her stuff down on the counter. she then proceeded to toss her coupons at me and told me to "run 'em". i smiled through gritted teeth and asked if she found everything okay. she proceeded to completely ignore me and text on her phone while her 7+ year old daughter stood quietly next to her. i scanned the items and then scanned the coupons. my computer informed me that one of the coupons was expired, so i took a look at it and saw that it had expired a year ago! there's no way i'd be able to override that. i politely informed her that i would be unable to apply that particular coupon to her purchase, as it was expired. she huffed. "but why? it's a coupon and you guys should take any coupons that the customer gives you." i repeated myself and told her that the items on the coupon didn't even match the items in her purchase, and she was visibly agitated at this point. "let me speak to your manager, i don't have time for this crap." ooookay. i motioned for my manager to come to my register from where he was standing close by, and while he was on his way, the lady leaned down to her daughter and said, in a sickeningly sweet voice: "see honey? this is why you go to college and get an education, so you don't have to end up like her working as a cashier!" holy. fuck. what did she just say?? my face turned bright red and the tears starting forming in my eyes as i muttered to her that i was, in fact, going to college and that this was a part time job. at that moment, my manager showed up behind me and asked the lady to repeat herself, which she stupidly did. she had a smug look on her face as she explained that she was the customer and the customer is always right and that she just needed this coupon to be applied. i wanted to punch her in the face. my manager stood there and looked at her for a few seconds, and then began taking all of her already bagged items out of their bags. "what the hell are you doing?!" the witch screeched. slowly and calmly, my manager said: "ma'am, i will not let you stand here and ridicule and abuse my employees. i am going to have to ask you to leave. we no longer wish to do business with you." she stared at us wide-eyed and red in the face, and then looked behind her to see a long line of customers all looking back at her. she sputtered. she cried. she threw a tantrum. her young daughter behaved better than this grow-ass woman! it was insane. she took her purse and her cards, grabbed her daughters hand, and stormed out, while screaming "i am never coming back here again!!! i am going to call your boss and have you all fired! do you know who i am?!?" my manager chuckled, and then told me that i could go take a breather in the back because at that point i probably looked like i had seen a ghost. and that's how i learned to stop caring about what customers thought of me or what rude things they said to me!automod, why do you hate me so? :(((( so after several months of aimless training, i've finally been given a position as duty manager in my restaurant. so far it's nothing too special, but it has its perks. from day one, i promised myself i wasn't going to act like the rest of the managers in the store ("oh, my staff didn't lick your boots for you? i'm so sorry, i'll put them on disciplinary right away, and here's a free meal!"). sure, that's the easy way to do things, but my duty is to support my team and if they're happy, then so am i. i know the pain, and having worked under that sort of nonsense for a year and a half, i decided that enough was enough. cue a delightful middle-aged gentleman, about halfway through a busy shift that also happened to be my first shift run as a supervisor. i noticed one of the front counter staff trying desperately to explain something to a customer, but to no avail. i could tell immediately he had no point to make whatsoever and just wanted to cause trouble for whatever reason. at that point i decided to step in. &gt;me: sorry, is everything okay with your food? &gt;customer: no, it's not. i ordered chicken, and i got a leg. &gt;me: so you didn't want the leg piece? &gt;customer: no, i wanted a breast piece. why didn't i get that? &gt;me: sorry about that, did you let the cashier know that you had a preference? &gt;customer: no. why should i? happy place. happy place. happy place. &gt;me: sorry sir, i'm happy to change it for you this time, but in the future, if you just let the cashier know you have a preference then we'll do our best to accommodate that for you. bearing in mind he'd already picked up the piece of chicken and waved it in our faces, meaning that i'd have to throw it away and get chewed out by the general manager for wasting product, i wrongly assumed i was being reasonably helpful. &gt;customer: are you able to read? oh dear. &gt;me: i'm sorry? &gt;customer: are any of you able to read? what does the menu say? i decided to ignore the fact that the item he had ordered wasn't actually specifically listed on the menu boards (the item he had ordered has 4 different variations, and they were all listed under one name). &gt;me: with this, you get a piece of chicken and fries. &gt;customer: so why did i get a leg instead? i politely explained to the customer that the chicken is selected more or less at random, but that if you have a preference then we're more than happy to try and accommodate it. that's what was coming out of my mouth, but in my mind, all i could think was "a chicken leg *is* a \*\*\*\*\*\*\* piece of chicken!". &gt;customer: your staff should have asked me what i want. there is more than one type of snack box, right? &gt;me: yes there is, it comes with either a piece of chicken, a boneless piece, hot wings or popcorn chicken. the cashier would have asked you which one you wanted, and you ordered the one piece snack box. is that right? &gt;customer: yes, but she didn't ask me if i wanted it to be a breast. it's not my fault if your staff can't even do such a simple job properly. no. no, you do not accuse my staff of being unable to do their jobs simply because you are a self important idiot who can't even order fast food properly. i know my staff well, and i know that every single one of them is excellent at their job. if you want a custom item, you don't expect the cashier to already know about it. you wouldn't go to order a burger and expect to be immediately asked if you wanted to take out the mayonnaise. but he wasn't finished. &gt;customer: you need to make your staff ask people what they want, and you need to change the menu boards so people actually know what they are ordering. this is ridiculous, this is just to make sure that first time buyers waste their money. your staff obviously don't know how to treat people, they shouldn't even be working here, i am disgusted and i'm going to write complaints about every one of them, which i expect you to deal with *appropriately*. **no more**. this man was about to receive over a year's worth of pent up customer service rage, and i almost felt sorry for him. &gt;me: sir, my team are doing their jobs perfectly and i have complete faith that they will continue to do so. you wanted a customised item but didn't specifically ask for it. you are now being unacceptably rude to the staff and trying to make them feel uncomfortable to cover up your own error, and i will not put up with it. you asked for a piece of chicken, and you received a piece of chicken. as far as i am concerned, you are just trying to cause trouble, and so i would like to ask you to take your food that i have already changed for you, and leave the counter immediately. i am done speaking with you, and so are my team. he stood there dumbfounded for a few seconds, realised it was hopeless, and promptly stormed off. even more shocked were the front counter staff, who, based on previous experience with managers taking idiotic customer complaints, had almost certainly been expecting to be yelled at for this. i think i earned their respect that day, and i think they finally realised that someone with a manager badge is on their side. the rest of the day was great, and the team all seemed to work twice as hard as usual. this is still all very new for me, and i have a lot of doubts as to whether i will be a good manager or not, but the one thing i don't doubt in the slightest is that i will stand up for my team, every time. my responsibilities may have changed, but i am not going to stop fighting the good fight! edit: wow! my first gold! thank you so much! :dedit: wow! /r/bestof! this really blew up on reddit! thanks all! *i've re-written the story a bit to clarify some misconceptions. this story is told from the perspective of a naïve, inexperienced, spineless angry kid who was having a bad day 11 years ago. there are a lot of events that took place that could have been avoided, but then this story wouldn't have happened, or happened very differently. hindsight is 20/20 and i'm no longer the angry person i described above. just relax and cringe along with the rest of the world as you read this.* =) **this is an extremely long/involved story, if you skim or skip sections, you'll miss out on details or colorful descriptions.** **all of it is 100% true and happened 11 years ago.** its **saturday april 26th, 2003** i was a part time limo driver working mostly on weekends to pay off my student loans. this particular saturday morning i slept through my alarm and completely missed my airport drop off for a vip corporate client. my day was starting off really bad but little did i know it would turn out to be one of the worst days of my life. in fact, i’ve yet to have one that even comes close to topping it. i’m going to tell it in as humorous way possible because if you can’t laugh at your own misfortune, who can you laugh at? **setting the scene** 9:45am - i really messed up by sleeping through my alarm so i arrived hours late to work hoping for the boss to give me another run. i am without a shower and soon discovered my top button of my new dress shirt came off. add more aggravation to an already sour mood. (**8 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) 9:50-10:10am - boss proceeds to yell and scream at me for 20 minutes on how this was one of his best corporate accounts, we might lose it, yadda yadda. he is normally reasonable but he was having an equally bad day and blaming me for stuff i hadn't even done or was close to being part of. since he's so pissed, i just let him vent because i deserved it. (slide back to a **6 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale but 10 out of 10 on the "guilty and charged" scale) 10:10-10:45am – the boss makes me clean out several limos for no pay (we get paid driving limos, cleaning is not driving so no pay) and only hints at giving me another run, possibly a wedding. i know the only wedding left for the day is a 12:00pm pickup in the middle of downtown la (1 hour and 10 minute drive due to traffic). no way would he give that to me with less than an hour and 20 minutes. sure enough, the boss, still royally pissed at me, gives me the worst (driver opinion) limo on the lot as punishment and i still have to clean up and get it ready to take customers. he tells me "*you better not be fucking late for this...*" and sends me on my way at 10:50pm. i don't even get a chance to look at the details. i think, *i'll do so when i get there*. 12:05pm - i arrive at downtown la hotel to pick up groom and groomsmen and take to ucla campus church. (note: i'm 5 minutes late cause of traffic. i'm peeved but attempt to make the best of the situation ) (**9 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) from here, there is traffic the entire way to the church near the ucla campus (across town) because it’s #@%$! l.a. and the surface streets are packed because of some event. i pull up at 12:50pm for a 1:30pm wedding. *phew! made it with time to spare*. for those not near la, this trip should have taken ~~20-23~~ (*edit: closer to 30, didthemath*) minutes. when i pull up to the church i get greeted by an irate wedding coordinator (aka sneakywc) and father of the bride (fotb) because i'm late! what the hell? i’m trying to explain how “*traffic*” works but she is hearing none of it and the father is screaming at me. while we are talking, i have the fotb sign the contract and credit card receipt and i'm wondering why she is so hell bent on me being late when i’ve got 30+mins to spare. i've barely had a chance to check the runsheet other than names and destinations, but upon a quick glace, my scribbled mess of a runsheet says i’m to [*wait at the church for the wedding to end, then to take them to the restaurant for dinner*]. then the wedding coordinator finally drops the bomb on me. * “**you have to go pick up the bride and bridesmaids as well! the ceremony starts at 1:30pm!!!**” * what? hold on a minute, no i'm not! it’s not on the run-sheet. i'm pretty sure i'm not supposed to pick them up. * "*yes you are! hurry because they are in chinatown*" (that’s back in downtown la) now i know that i can't leave to do anything unless it's on the runsheet. hiring a limo means everything is planned out ahead of time. a surprise pickup and drop-off point, especially for a wedding is practically unheard of and i have never heard of this happening. in essence, what the fotb and the wedding coordinator are asking me is to add an additional stop on the run. this will make everyone and everything late! if i was supposed to pick up the bride all along, why wasn't this mentioned ahead of time and jotted down on the runsheet? the boss would have allotted more time for this?!?! did the client mess up? did the boss? what the heck! * "*quick, we need to hurry! help me attach this [traditional chinese bow]( to the front of the limo.*" time out, hold the phone... we have two red flags (and now a red bow) here. first we have two unscheduled pickup and drop off points and second, nobody ever messes with the bosses limos, ever! that's practically rule#1. i glance over the chicken scratch of a scribbled mess that is my bosses handwriting and i notice two words half way crossed out, "~~chinese bow~~" (edit: i'm thinking maybe the boss changed his mind, maybe he forgot to tell me about this bow due to his fit of rage earlier). my instincts said i should have called my boss. but... as he was already ticked off and i'm *apparently late* to pick up the bride from an unscheduled pickup, best if i left him alone. he's just going to say "*well, its a wedding after all! go pick them up!*". * look, my boss doesn't like anyone attaching anything to the limo. * "*i've already talked with him about this. we don't have time! here, pop the hood!*" well, i guess that's true, the bow was mentioned in the runsheet. i don't want to give my boss any more reason to execute me for pissing off a client so she herself pops the hood of my limo. she then proceeds to tie down this bow as i'm distracted by an irate fotb who freaking out, wondering why it took 50 minutes to get from downtown la to ucla. (quick answer... limousine's take longer!) after sneakywc is finished, [it looks a little something like this]( only the ribbons are attached under the hood not through the doors like in the photo. she's obviously done this before so i leave her to do all the work. within a few minutes, everything is done and the red bow is tied down firmly to the front of the hood. on the trip back to downtown la, i noticed the bow is very loose but due to time restraints i don't have time to fix it. 1:20ish - no traffic on the way back (thank god!) and i arrive at the unscheduled stop to pick up the brides party with the mom and grandmother. all who are chinese and hardly speak a lick of english. obviously we are going to be late but i'm doing my best to speed things up given the circumstances. i know from previous experience that the 10 freeway is jam packed near the 405 so i exit to surface streets at [la cienega then jump to wilshire and then to sunset blvd]( it's a driver thing. pick routes with less stop signs and traffic lights. 1:45ish - we are on sunset blvd heading west at this point, making good time, but the arms of this bow are flapping like a wacky waving inflatable tubeman... in a hurricane. three things happen all at the same time. the [traditional chinese bow]( breaks loose from the front of the car and whips up-and-over the windshield but still attached at the arms near the wipers. the two 'arm' ribbons are hanging on for dear life in the wind and semi blocking my view through the glass. within seconds, the two ribbons rip from under the hood and **instantly all power goes out** in the back of the limo. it's a complete blackout! the chinese bow goes sailing into the air and over the vehicle to land in a crumpled heap. i'm left stunned saying to myself, "*...whhhhat the hellllll?!?!?...*" the old crones in the back scream bloody murder in chinese. i instantly start to panic-yell "ahhhhh!!!!" right along with them. *hey! they surprised me ok!* through the chaotic madness that is 6 chinese gals screaming, i quickly gather that the bow is some sort of family heirloom and must be preserved. they demand that i get the bow. i'm to do it, not them... in the middle of traffic! remember, the limo is stopped on the side of the street on *sunset-freaking-blvd* where there is no shoulder to pull over. my limo is literally in the middle of the right lane of moving cars! i react by putting my hazards on and carefully open my door to cars whizzing by and horns blaring. i spot the ~~%$#@&amp;~~ i mean *lovely wedding piece* and witness it getting run over by a speeding taurus (the irony of the red target and the symbolic bull was a lost to me at the time). i hold out my hands out in the universally known language of *hey, i'm a crazy nutter* and proceed to divert 45mph traffic. i'm playing a living version of frogger through oncoming cars and finally get to this blasted bow. i grab the damned thing and notice it has tire marks on the ribbons and parts of it have been shredded from passing cars. i angrily toss the thing in the front seat and proceed to get some major squawking from the back. now what! (**9½ out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) * "*no! you have to put the bow back on the car! chinese tradition! can't move without bow being on car!*" well *crap-in-a-hand-basket*! so i pop the hood and head back out into traffic... curse-ed bow in hand. cars are still honking as they pass and i ignore them. i get the front of the bow reattached to the grill. as i lift the hood fully, i notice a large severed cable near the windshield. sneakywc had attached the arms of the ribbons to a thick electrical wire instead of to the frame of the vehicle. the wires she used to had literally acted like a saw-saw and sliced it clean through. this electrical wire was the power to the back of the limo. all lights, stereo, features and.... get this.. ac unit! they had no power at all and i had no way of fixing it right now. i finish tying off the bow to the frame, hop back in drenched in sweat and start the car and wave politely to the passing cop. (oh sure, now you show up! thanks for nothing) 2:15pm - arrive at the church (45mins late to the wedding from an unscheduled pick up that was sprung up on me) (**10 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) i'm greeted by both the father of the bride and sneakywc. i have a few choice words for the wedding coordinator and the brides chinese father who can't believe how slow i'm driving and wondering why i didn't speed to get there. they blamed me for everything that happened (yes, some of it was my fault, some not). chewed me out about the neglected pickup, the thing with the bow and the fact i arrived extremely late. 2:30pm - the wedding starts horridly delayed and i break out the box of limo tools and proceed to make some patch repairs the best i can. little did i know that this was only the start of bad things to come. **end of part 1** **[the chinese wedding {epic worst day} part 2]( **[the chinese wedding {epic worst day} part 3]( *edited the links from the short version to the full for android app users* so i was a 21 yr old shift manager at a pizza place and was upset that the only way to make more money was to become an assistant manager and be put on salary and work 50+ hours a week. one day my boss asked if i would interview a 16 year old girl for a position we had. she said she would hire her if i think they would do well. i sit down to interview the goth. imagine the girl with a dragon tattoo about 150lbs heavier, and more face rings. she was wearing a uniform for the fast-food joint down the road. the conversation goes something like this. "so i see your wearing a uniform. are you still working for them?" "no i just walked out because they were being dumb" "being dumb? what do you mean by that?" "they were being dumb, because they were asking too many questions" awkward pause... "well this is an interview and the purpose is to ask questions. so what makes you think you would be a good fit here at pizza place?" "well i like pizza" after the interview i decided to hire this girl because she was entertaining and would be a good laugh when my boss had to work with her every day. my boss puts in the paper work and hires her without ever seeing her. the next day i come into work and my boss is fuming mad. the goth showed up with purple hair and more rings in her face. my boss told me to deal with it. so i go out and tell the goth she has to change. when asked why i tell her because she is scaring the customers away. the goth busted out laughing. she actually went home and changed. we put her on prep work in the back to keep her away from people because we quickly found out there was no filter from her brain to her mouth. a month goes by and i notice cuts on her arm (she always wore long sleeve shirts). i asked her about it and she acted like it was no big deal. come to find out she was having the typical "no one understands me and my parents just don’t understand" issues most kids have; she was just taking it to an extreme. i told her what she was doing was wrong and she should talk to someone even if it is a school counselor. she actually did it. in a sense i became a life coach to this girl for about 6 months. she became an invaluable member of the team, i helped her filter what she said and to consider others and life was grand. about 6 months later i finish up at a jr college and am moving away to go to big people college and it’s my last day at pizza place. the girl pulls me into the back and just begins to sob. she says "thank you mr. webus for giving me a chance when no one else would. you saw past the thing i was and saw the woman i could be. if it wasn't for you i would not have a job, i would not have moved out of my parents’ house, and i’d probably be dead by now. i just wanted to say thank you for hiring me here and for being my friend." my heart about imploded on itself. i felt so guilty. here is this girl pouring her heart out singing my praise because i wanted to troll my boss. i hired her as a joke. i decided not to tell her. i figured i could live with the guilt because not knowing means she feels there is someone in her life that cares. fast forward a few years later and i’m in my profession going out to lunch and i hear "mr webusmaster mr webusmaster!" it was her again. her hair was blond apparently she had been dying it black. she is the manager of a sandwich shop in the mall going to night classes at college to be a social worker. she said she wanted to help others who were in her situation. i almost cried. felt i would share this with you reddit. if the end justifies the means then why do i feel so guilty? tl;dr hired a maniacal goth as a joke and accidentally changed her life today at my local retail inc i was put on registers to assist the cashiers. also, my price checking duties were done and i had nothing to do so why not? anyway, i'm taking customers and going along my merry way when i was requested by bag lady to put all of her items in one big bag (we have 2 types: really small or really big). i get requested this now and then and it's no problem. after finishing up, i give her her receipt and expect this to be the end of it. but not quite: &gt;bag lady: hey &gt;me: yes? &gt;bl: why is my bag so heavy? of all the things to ask. &gt;well, you requested all the items in one bag. &gt;bl: yeah, but i didn't want the bag to be this heavy! i don't feel like giving a physics lesson because i have others waiting &gt;bl: the store down the street can put the same amount in their big bags and they're much lighter! your store needs to catch up! and she leaves in a huff. guess it's time to go and tell my boss we need anti-gravity bags like the other store.you, an overworked and underpaid retail worker. me, just another customer scrambling to purchase christmas gifts with the tip money i had earned. the line was long, you were tired. customer after customer either not acknowledging your presence, or berating you for things you cannot control. i have been there. you see, you and i are not that different. a waitress and a retail worker are one in the same. i got to your register and said hello. you asked how i was, and i actually responded. and we had a light conversation about the holiday rush and how i hoped you would make it through. you chuckled and said you sure hope so, too. i could see a little relief in your eyes - a customer remembering that you are human. and then i saw what you did. you slipped up a paper from beside your register, and you scanned it. and my subtotal decreased. not just a little, either. a little over $20. you didn't say a word, nor did i, but we both smiled. thank you. come to my world and have a beer or two and dessert on me. edit: wow i was not expecting this kind of response! thanks y'all! and i think i'll go back after the holidays to give him a gift card for my restaurant :) so for some background i worked at one of the fastest growing retail stores in the nation. i quit, started working in a deli...quit, and then went back to this retail store. alright, so last weekend i was working in the misses department. it was a pretty boring evening and i just wanted the night to be over so i could go home. as i'm doing returns i see a father and his daughter walking by and looking at the clothes. the little girl looks about 5 years old. she says something to her dad saying "mommy would like this one." i was thinking "oh, that's sweet. they're shopping together to get her something." then i continued on putting clothes away. as i was walking back i notice the dad standing there staring at this mannequin. i hear her whispering to him and he whispers "shh! somebody's coming! sit still" little girl: "okay." i walk by and the little girl is standing next to the mannequin. straight face. holding the mannequins hand. posed. everything. i walked by covering my mouth because i tried so hard not to laugh. i was smiling so big. i can hear them talking still because i'm like 10 feet away grabbing more clothes to put away. little girl: "did she see me? did she know i was here?" dad: "no. she thought you were a mannequin. sit still. she's coming back." same. exact. pose. this kid has talent. she made me smile so big and laugh so hard. little girl: "did she see me?" dad: "nope." my night was made by a 5 year old. i work at a gasoline station full time, and of course, we always get weird people rolling through buying their cigarettes, beer, and cheap hot dogs. my job is either to ring them out, make food, or do tasks around the store. i often come to work straight from classes at university, so i always change my clothes in the bathroom. sometimes, to save time, i just pull on my work shirt over whatever i'm currently wearing if it's easier to just use my normal clothes as an undershirt. this particular day, i had come back after a particularly hot day, and was wearing some jeans and a tank top. i admit, my tank top was a bit low cut, but i wasn't inappropriate. i had walked past the counter on my way to the back when a woman starts grumbling to her boyfriend in line about my shirt. just normal stuff, like, "why does she feel the need to dress like that?" and "who is she trying to impress?" i ignore her and pull on my t-shirt atop my tank top and fasten my name badge, tie up my hair and walk out to the front after clocking in the help the customers. and the lady goes ballistic on me. i don't know what got under her skin, but she completely bypassed the queue to walk up to my register and starts shrieking at me. &gt;customer: i can't believe they hired you! you just walk in with your tits hanging out! and then you expect me to treat you like everyone else? now i'm kind of shocked, because woah, she got angry after i put on more clothes? i stare at her in shock and try to collect myself. &gt;me: well, i interviewed well. how can i help you today? &gt;customer: you can take your tits and go home! i thought this place was more classy than this. and without any other words, she dropped all her items on my counter and walked out. and stood next to the door shouting at other people about the "skank behind the counter." i just don't understand. **edited in tl;dr:** lady got offended by my excessive amount of clothing. says i can take my tits and go home.everybody knows a grinch. a scrooge. a c. montgomery burns. somebody who, for whatever reason, makes it their mission to ruin the happiness of others. in normal, everyday life, we can ignore the scrooges, or if they're particularly horrible, just punch them in the face and be done with it. but when you have a scrooge for a customer, you can unfortunately neither punch nor ignore him. such is the case with my store's mr. green (name edited to protect the innoce-well, assholish). mr. green is on the winding down side of a mid-life crisis; his anatomy has reasserted itself and is slowly but steadily pushing the hairplugs out of his head. he seems to have developed a tolerance for diet pills, because his spare tire has returned with a vengeance. the credit cards he was issued to finance his new childhood are coming up declined more and more, and his 2008 mustang convertible has ancient birdshit stains on the leather from the numerous times he's parked it without putting the top back on. were it not for his pugnacity, mr. green would be a pitiable fellow. mr. green comes to our clothing shop at least three times a week, always following the same routine. on monday, he will come in and purchase a lot of clothing. on tuesday, we'll get a call from mr. green, informing us that he's dissatisfied with the clothing. on wednesday, he'll come back to the store to return the items he's dissatisfied with. on thursday, we'll get another call, in which he insists that one of his many soon-to-be-defunct credit cards was not credited back the proper amount. he gives us a day off on friday, though we don't know why. on saturday, he'll come back in to argue and haggle with our manager to try to get more money than he is owed. week in, week out, this is how it goes with mr. green. unto itself, this would not be reason enough to hate the man. a customer may be very difficult, even demanding, but that alone doesn't make him an asshole. *being an asshole* about it is what makes him an asshole. he has, on numerous occasions, insulted our staff, even using the n-word on one of our cashiers when the total of his purchase exceeded his original estimate. he parks in handicapped spaces. space**s**, plural; he will drive his gross mustang in, facing the store laterally. whenever he's confronted about it, he shrugs, saying "the sooner i'm done here, the sooner the spaces will be free again. chop, chop!" he's been asked to leave several times after sexually harassing female (and usually *underage!*) customers, each time vowing to sue if he was manhandled. and he would always get away with *all of it,* because the owner was his best high school buddy. that is, until recently. last week, our owner sold out his franchise to the corporate company from which he had purchased the license. we (the employees) had feared this meant that the store would simply close, and we'd be out of jobs. but mercifully [teenage hipster clothing store inc.] decided to keep our location open. they promoted one of our floor managers, tony (who had been called the n-word by mr. green) to the position of general manager. *and* our hourly wage was raised by twenty-five cents. suffice to say, we're all ready to give a salute to our beneficent corporate overlords, but the best was yet to come. the night before his first shift as general manager, a friday (and obviously, after his promotion had been announced to the rest of us employees), one of the guys asked tony what he planned to do about mr. green. tony, already the model of a corporate-type, said only, "just do your jobs like you already do, and don't worry about it." the next day (saturday) mr. green showed up just like always to try to eke more money than he was owed out of us. he parked across the two closest handicap spaces, just like always. he marched into the store, and asked to be shown to the mens' section, even though he knew where it was by heart. but before anyone could even approach, tony was already there. tony had positioned himself between mr. green and the rest of the store proper, on the tile 'foyer' directly in front of the automatic sliding doors. tony had an object in his hand which i didn't immediately recognize. i feared momentarily that it might have been a weapon. i couldn't hear what tony said to mr. green, but the voice with which he said it was low and menacing. my fears grew. *is tony about to shoot mr. green??* mr. green's eyes grew wide as tony spoke. at first, i attributed this to being threatened with bodily harm, but i watched the expression grow from one of surprise to indignation. "what the fuck are you talking about?" mr. green screeched. "i want to see [former owner's name]! right now!" more rumbled conversation from tony, who had begun to draw himself up to his full height of 6'3". i was now certain that tony was about to murder mr. green right there on the tile floor. "fuck you!" mr. green roared. "i've been coming here for years! you can't just throw me out! i haven't even done anything!" at which point, tony produced the item. he held it in front of his own face, and i finally recognized a polaroid camera. it flashed as tony held it steady, momentarily confusing mr. green who then launched into a full-on conniption. tony walked away from mr. green. as he passed by me, toward the offices in the back of the store, he growled, "don't let him have shit. and make sure he doesn't steal anything." not far behind him, jogging and all-the-while cursing a blue streak was mr. green, demanding that picture tony had taken was his property, that he had no right, etc., etc. when he got to me, i politely interspersed myself between him and the entrance to the office, explaining, "i'm sorry, mr. green. employees only." "bullshit!" he declared, trying to walk around me. i quickly backed up, putting myself direclty in front of the doorway to the offices. "i'm really sorry, mr. green, but you can't go back there." he looked about ready to body check me at this point, so i shrugged and moved out of the way. mr. green gave me a filthy look as he moved and tried to open the door, which was locked. mr. green began to pound on the door, making threats legal, bodily and metaphysical. he went on like this for about a solid minute before tony opened the door and stepped out. mr. green steeled himself as tony returned, ready for a fight. but tony side-stepped him and walked straight to me. he handed me a stack of papers; each was a flyer, which bore the words "persona non grata," above a photograph of mr. green in mid-tirade. "put these on all of the entrances and behind every cashier's station," tony said, speaking slowly, his voice an andante bass of angry determination. mr. green had leaned over to see what it was that tony had handed me, and started anew his protestations. tony paid him no mind and brushed past him back into the office. mr. green continued his howling and pounding on the door, looking like the big bad wolf, if the big bad wolf had let himself go and tried to cover it up with hipster clothing. he spied me turning to walk to the entrance and came towards me, saying "if you put those up, i will sue you for defamation of character and discrimination." i was unsure of what to do, because i don't want to get sued (even if it's pretty unlikely), but relishing the idea of humiliating mr. green. i was saved from hesitation by an announcement over the store's pa. it was tony's voice, calmly announcing, "to the driver of the yellow mustang convertible, your car is being towed." there was a moment of silence as both mr. green and i came to understand what that meant. and quicker than i've ever seen him move, mr. green skittered down the aisle towards the entrance. i followed, and looked out the large glass doors at the entrance to our store to see mr. green hemming and hawing at the tow-truck operator who had already begun to load his car into the bed of the truck. when i turned around, there was tony, with a grin a mile wide on his face, the same grin which blossomed on my own face. we haven't seen mr. green at all this week, and i'm starting to think that we never will again. 2014 might be a very good year, indeed. tl;dr jerk customer doesn't get what he wants for christmas. tow-truck driver meets the grinch.it was a typical christmas eve in a liquor store. lines all the way to the back and rude people left and right. after being yelled at over the phone for not carrying canned yams (really? its a freaking liquor store.) and being yelled at in person because we ran out of premixed alcoholic eggnog, i had a man walk up and ask me if i could make change for a $100 bill. when i handed him the bills he handed me $50 said "merry christmas, you're almost done." and walked out. just the shock of someone giving such a large amount of money while being surrounded by the rudest people ive ever seen completely overwhelmed me. that stranger made my holiday. i can now afford to pick up something for myself so that i can enjoy my christmas alone instead of moping around. so whoever and wherever you are stranger, thank you. edit: thank you all so much. waking up to all of these comments was wonderful. merry christmas to you all. i hope every one of you have a great holiday! hello everyone. here is the story of how i will most likely lose my job. intrigued? background: i work as, amongst other things, as an art gallery assistant. we hang shows and sell artwork; it is similar to retail in many ways. lots of work, long hours, and people that make you question humanity and its knowledge. this weekend i had the job of taking down an art show. my boss is gone for the next few weeks, so i've been in charge. stressful doesn't being to cover it. i rent the company van and pick up our interns who are college students looking to gain exp. in the field. one is trained and the new one, let's call him bob, is not. bob is not there. on the way to work he sends a text saying his family is in town and he is not coming in. i'm not happy. my boss is expecting me to have all this work done, and i need bob because he is the only muscle we have. i tell him to come by after he is done eating with his parents if he can. bob says okay. fast forward to being at work. the other intern and i are beginning our shift, seeing what pieces didn't sell and those that did. bob sends another message saying that he is outside. bob then comes in with his girlfriend and entire family. his mother then begins to yell at me. mom: "how dare you make my son come into work today when we are in town?! this is the only day we can see him and you are ruining our brunch!!!" me: *baffled* "well...ma'am...your son has known that he has had to work today for two weeks. i saw him two days ago and confirmed that he would be here. if you want, you guys can go out to eat and drop him off here later. i can take him back to his dorm." mom: "no! no! forget it! we are already here! we're gonna help him so he can leave early!" me: "umm...your son is already late for his shift, but i can have him out of here by 2:00. unfortunately, i cannot use your help. you are welcome to look around or go explore downtown until it gets closer to 2:00." mom: "fine!" i then went back to getting bob started. the father stops me to ask an absurd question, which i answer in my best retail voice when i hear bob calling for me. he is confused on how to get a screw out of the wall...with a hammer. bless his heart. i take bob to our storeroom where we have....wait for it....a drill. i am explaining how to drill works when i hear a loud crash. i run out to find bob's irate mother standing there with a broken sculpture all over the floor. i now know what fear and angry feels like when combined in a perfect storm. me: *shaking in rage while giving a meryl streep performance of retail smiles* "what are you doing with the art?!" mom: *cannot even see death in front of her* "i'm helping my son so he can leave early." me: "you are not allowed to handle the art. i can handle it because that's my job and i have been trained. intern has been trained. today i was going to train your son. not you. not your husband or daughter or bob's girlfriend, but bob. you have no right to be handling a piece." the guard is located and a report is filed out. the parents keep getting in my face and asking me questions until i have to leave and call my boss to report what has happened. boss is not happy and as shocked as me. tells me to send bob and company away. i return to bob and his entourage and tell them to please leave. the father spends 20 minutes arguing with me. dad: "what makes you qualified? you're just a kid. will my son get in trouble? will we have to pay for it? it said nfs, so it's like free right? how much does it cost? 20 bucks? 100?" me: "i have held this job for over two years, and i have never damaged a piece or had one of the interns damage one. i don't know what will happen regarding your son's position or payment for the broken art. nfs means not for sale. that piece is easily worth $6000. it is generally understood that interns don't bring their parents to work nor do pedestrians touch artwork." dad: "oh well, haha! accidents happen!" me: "not on my watch they don't. i don't break art, and my interns don't break art. your wife did, however, because she had no business touching the work. i have spoken with my supervisor and she has said that you all and bob should leave." the family then left, the mother hiding behind a column and glaring at me the entire time. the rest of the day was full of panic and tears on my behalf. i will most likely loose my job. sorry for the long post, and thanks for reading the woes of the gallery assistant. edit: i was not the one who let bob and co in, but the security guard who was at the door playing on his phone. edit 2: tl;dr boss left me in charge of training new employee. employee brought entire family to his work. idiot mother broke an expensive sculpture. awaiting my fate... update: hey everyone. it seems my update reply has been lost in the comments. a few users have requested an update, so here i am. first, thanks for all your comments, both positive and negative. reading them has really helped. during a staff meeting a few days ago (when boss returned), boss spoke with me and bob. bob was told he had a strike against him for being late to his shift and was dismissed. afterwards, boss spent roughly twenty minutes lecturing me how parents should always trump work, and how it is not bob's fault but mine since this is his first job and not mine. i made it very clear that i had given bob and his parents the option to go; bob's mom acted on her own and looking back there was little i could do to stop it. nowhere have i ever been allowed to miss a shift for wanting to hang out with my family-especially last minute. i politely said this, and that how in many other jobs, this type of mindset and behavior would result in termination. boss said its better to agree than disagree. my job is still intact; i have been at my assistant position longer than any of my bosses, so i am an asset. the artist will get compensated by the gallery insurance.[this story reminded me of my time in the copy shop]( many moons ago at the copy shop we got our first large format color printer. it printed 3 feet wide by about a hundred feet if you wanted to. manglement at the time wanted it front and center so customers could ooh and ahh over this new machine and hopefully want something printed. this chinese couple came in and asked if we could print a life sized poster of them. they had a really nice photo of themselves in front of an old church. i did the math and it was about a 3' x 7' print they needed because they wanted to doors to show. they also wanted it on glossy paper. now here's the problem, this first generation printer could print on glossy paper it just took 10-15 minutes to dry. this meant you let the print hang for a bit after it finished so it wouldn't smear. so i'm printing out the picture, happy because this thing is going to cost about $350. it's about halfway done and i'm handling several other things when i look over and this little kid walks up to the printer and rubs his hands all over the print as it's coming out. little finger prints and a couple of smears right in the middle of the print. i shoo the kid away and restart the print. he of course comes back and is approaching the printer. this time i shout at him to back off. his parent who is several feet away and not paying attention comes over and demands why i'm shouting at her kid. i show her the ruined print on the counter next to me. i tell her that her spawn did that and he was about to do it again. she tried to blow it off as no big deal until i told her that if her child ruined the second print i was charging her for both at full price, $700+. at that point she grabbed her kid by the wrist and basically lifted him off the floor and several yards away from the printer.so it's a late night in the store i work at as the department supervisor in the shoe department, and a woman and her daughter come up to the girls skechers. they're going through different styles and she's trying them on, when the little girl comes up with a pair and asks if we have them in a size two. after retrieving the shoes from the stockroom, the girl thanks me with a smile, and decides to take them. when the little girl was done she started putting the shoes back in the box and back on the shelves the mom grabbed her little daughter by the wrist and says "oh no it's okay sweetie, the man will do that," points to me and drags her away. it wasn't that much to clean up, but that's an awful thing to teach a young girl.i do car sales, and i had a customer place an order for his dream vehicle (he was active duty) his wife was next to him, and it was a special order from the factory. all said and done and we are waiting for the car to arrive when one day he comes in all sad eyed and things like that and i'm like "dude whats up" he goes "the wife says i can't get the car cause she wants a bmw" and i said "but i thought you had just bought your wife a lexus 2 yrs ago and now was your turn?" he goes "yea...but she fell in love with a bmw" and i go "well do you like it?" he goes "nah i want my challenger" i said "i understand...i mean why don't you just tell her its your turn and you want your dream car she already got hers...she can wait for the bmw." he responded "she told me to cancel" i fired back "is she your boss?" (this is a summary of the conversation) he agreed he should stick with his dream car, he has the money, great credit, and its a gift they agreed upon. he was going home and going tell his wife what was up. he came back the next day with his wife in tow. they came in sat down and said she said "we are going cancel this order right now" we went back and forth reminding them they aren't going get their deposit back etc, all because she wants a bmw. she finally says "look i deserve the bmw i work hard and i deserve the best of the best" (keep in mind the bmw was clearly out of this mans price range costing near $70k) so to which i said "o what do you do?" she goes "i give him the best booty on this earth" and i respond "so what your saying is your extremely pricey whore?" she said "excuse me!" my customer is sitting as far back in his seat....strangely enough with a smile on his face. she asks me to say it again...so i do. she says i have no right to say that. i qualify my statement (most likely shouldn't of done that) i was having a bad day she of course complained to my management who scolded me i shrugged it off...fuck her she's a bitch. deal was canceled, customer didn't get his money back although he was told if he did decide to come back we'd let him use his deposit in addition to another deposit on any vehicle. 3 weeks later he came in, said after i bought up the "whore" idea it set something off in his mind and he did some digging...apparently she really was a whore and had 2 affairs ongoing...he was getting a divorce so he reordered his challenger. **after math** btw she was incredibly bitchy. bit more backstory i'm actually still in contact with this guy as i am most of my customers. he got successfully divorced because of the evidence he had on her she basically got nothing in the divorce. she ended up marrying one of the guys she was having an affair on. my customer took her lexus and traded it in when the challenger came in (car was in his name) the challenger was r/t in header orange with the t grip shifter, sunroof, navigation, upgraded sound system. he since put on some very tasteful rims, and done a bit of exterior additions. car looks pretty sweet. my customer is doing well, and very happy with current situation. as per my comments to his wife...management didn't "shrug it off" i did get in quite abit of trouble and was very nearly suspended (which is something we never really do) also exceptions to our rules where put on restriction. aka all my deals had to be perfectly clean for the next month which is incredibly difficult to accomplish. i've also been advised not to make a habit of calling my women whores...its bad for business. if your curious why i didn't get fired...well i'm a really good sales person with really good results and a great customer service record...this was one serious ding in my reputation. started a new job at a convenience store &amp; gas station a few weeks ago, it hasn't been so bad aside from every other person i ask id for getting upset. i'm pretty sure the law varies from place to place but here you are allowed to pump gas then come inside to pay. also, we got rid of our penny like three years ago. anyway, this morning i was dealing with the rush of people we get and this one guy comes up, slams $15 on my counter, says it's for pump 4 and turns to leave. thankfully i wasn't busy that very second and was able to see that, no, pump 4 came up to $15.04. i yell "hey, you need five more cents for pump 4" and this guy's face instantly turns to a scowl. &gt;him: what do you mean 5 more cents? &gt;me: you pumped fifteen dollars and 4 cents in gas. you got a nickle or something on you? &gt;him: it gets rounded down you idiot! i live in a pretty small town, most of the people here are rather polite, so this caught me off guard. also, i totally had some change sitting right there on the till for this exact reason, but he lost that privilege as soon as he called me an idiot. &gt;me: no, actually, the 4 cents gets rounded up to 5 cents. that means you owe 15 dollars and five cents. you must have some change somewhere. &gt;him: no! it's fifteen dollars even you idiot. at this point i grab the $15, punch it into my pos, and big surprise - it's asking for 5 more cents. &gt;me: see, it still needs 5 more cents. surely you must have it in your car or something. he storms off muttering something under his breath, i put 5 cents in the till so i can help the next people in line, get a few "what's that guy's problem" from the people behind him, then he storms back in. &gt;him: i don't have your damn change. &gt;me: well, sorry, i actually don't know what to do in this situation. i'm new at the job but my till needs to be even. you could ask somebody else for change- &gt;him: no. you know damn well it gets rounded down. either you're an idiot or this place is ripping me off. &gt;me: four cents has rounded up to five cents for the last three years. i don't know why you think it gets rounded do- &gt;him: you're a f**king idiot. he then actually leaves the store and drives off! when my manager showed up this morning i made sure to tell him about the guy, and he's asking "he actually drove off without paying the full amount?", i tell him yes, he says that's theft and he'll be looking at the security footage. hopefully this idiot gets charged or banned over 5 cents.hi everyone! long time lurker and first time poster! so, a little background: i work at a café/deli kind of thing with a small grocery section, a back register to order food and a front register to ring out. most of our revenue comes from catering and special orders, but we also have a lot of people eat in. so, we keep muffins at the register, and we sell the day-old ones for half off. if they aren’t sold by the end of the night we either toss them or give them to the line cook. it’s five minutes to close, and some customers walk in: a police officer (we’ll call her po), a mom, and her 6-7 year old daughter (let’s call her qt- because she sure is one). after everyone orders, i’m ringing them all out, and the following happens: &gt;qt: mommy, look at that muffin! &gt;mom: not today, sweetie. i don’t have enough money. so after paying, they sit down and wait for their order to come up. qt is looking kind of sad. when it’s ready and all bagged up, i add in the muffin for free. &gt;me: here you go miss! i added that muffin in there for you for free because we’re almost closed anyway. &gt;mom: thank you so much! qt what do you say to the nice lady? &gt;qt: no mommy! put that back youre stealing! &gt;mom: no sweetie, the nice lady gave it to us… &gt;qt: no mommy you’re stealing and the police lady is gonna come and arrest us! put the muffin back or i’m telling on you! i try to explain to her that it’s a present, so she isn’t stealing, and that po won’t come arrest her for accepting a present. it seems like she’s having a hard time understanding, but i think she finally gets it. &gt;qt: (looks up at po) can i have the muffin please? &gt;po: i’ll let it go this one time. (winks at me.) &gt;qt: (looking at me now) thank you so much! are the doors going to go wee-woo-wee-woo when i leave? &gt;me: no, don’t worry- it’s your muffin so you get to take it home! her and her mom left after this, with both the mom and po laughing pretty hard. i can hear qt screaming “wee-woo-wee-woo” in the parking lot until their car leaves. why can’t every customer be this adorable? **the finale of an extremely long/involved story. all of it is 100% true of my "worst. day. ever!"** if you missed the first two parts, here are the links. **[the chinese wedding {epic worst day} part 1]( **[the chinese wedding {epic worst day} part 2]( 6:15 - i pull up to the restaurant to my final drop off an hour and 15 minutes over. (**9½ out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale. possibly foaming at the mouth, not sure) i had been going over the details of the day in my head during the long traffic ridden drive over. pretty sure father of the bride (fotb) wasn't going to pay for the extra hour plus and this added to my wrath. i mean, i was tricked into putting on a bow that both sneakywc and fotb knew they couldn't put on. i was almost run over in the middle of sunset blvd. forced to do car repairs on the asphalt in my only good suit. made to do an unscheduled pick-up knowing full well they should have paid for it. i'd been yelled at, insulted, my top button on my shirt was broken, definitely had to take my suit to get dry cleaned... not a happy camper at this moment. maneuvering the limo to the side of the curb, we are cheerfully greeted by 30 wedding guests all outside waiting to catch the first glimpse of the newlyweds. i had been so focused on my inevitable confrontation with fotb that i had neglected to fully grasp just how the groom and bride were doing. i hadn't checked on them in a while. they had been in the back of a sweltering hot limo with no power for close to 45 minutes. with no means to roll the windows down, you can imagine what that would do to makeup and hair. i open the door to a crowd of cheers only to be followed by "**[oohhhhh! uhhh]( and then followed by awkward silence. the door in front of me is blocking my view but the bride finally steps out. i my [face falter's as the bride emerges]( from the limo. her makeup was smeared, eyeliner dripping down, part of her base makeup was stained on her neckline... the crowd and i were speechless. not only had she been crying but her new husband was worse for wear as he emerged looking like he ran a marathon himself. uhh, crap! what the hell! the back of the limo had power, why didn't they turn the a/c on? then it dawned on me. when the cable was severed, it tripped the circuit breaker to the back panel so apparently they had no ac. just hot air blowing during the trip back and they never told me as had rolled the partition up. uhhh... holy crap... was not expecting this! the fotb has daggers in his eyes and a face vaguely reminiscent of that [dude from big trouble in little china]( he starts to lose it and all his wraith is directed at me. * "*...what the hell is this!!! you dare treat my daughter this way!!!!* **i demand a full refund**" i've already experienced the wrath of this man twice today and now i was about to get it again. * "*i'm going to sue you!!!!*" snap!!! i lost it... mountain st draidr is about to blow. if you've ever heard that expression that someone can get so mad that they see red, well i can personal validate that i saw red. (i'm so livid i'm **hearing what the smell of red tastes like** on the "pissed off" scale.) i'll leave out the expletives i said during this epic rant because i am pretty sure i was legally insane at this point. i spouted off every swear word i could think of... then made a dozen more up just for flavor. i was so pissed that i was ready to fight all 30 of them and lose in a glorious defeat and i wouldn't have cared. fotb balled up his fists and was ready to strike. to his credit, he didn't and i still have no idea why (besides my foaming at the mouth rant and wild arm flailing motions). the crowd was stunned into silence, the bride was weeping in her grooms arms, people from across the streets were stopping to watch. pretty sure an open jawed mouthed mother covered her child's ears in horror. the fotb stands his ground and with controlled fury and tells me that he will not pay. according to him, i owe him the cost of the epic screw ups that occurred and reimbursement of the bow. uhh what? he is going to charge me for ruining the bow after all that just happened? he was the one that insisted it be placed on the limo when he was told no in the first place. . this stuns me back into reality. my top had blown, my fury ebbed and now i was able to think straight. he wants to sue me! ohh **hell no!** * "wait wait wait... you're going to sue me? i'm going to sue you! [i don't give him any opportunity to respond] **fact 1**, you knew you weren't allow to put that @!#$% bow on my limo but you did anyways! the boss told you over the phone absolutely no bow but you conspired with the wedding coordinator and blindsided me to put it on! you lied! period! **fact 2** your wife and daughter bride made me go out in traffic, endangering my life to go get a bow... a @%#$ing bow! the contract states that putting the driver in any danger, including life threating situation is grounds of termination of the run [i show him the line in the contract he signed]. **fact 3** that bow that you and sneakywc had me put on caused physical damage to this limousine. damage that you are responsible for. it severed a power line and possibly caused permanent engine damage." this speech (which i had rehearsed in my head on the way over) had me running through lines after lines coherently. my throat was sore, my voice was shot and my blood pressure was probably off the charts but i was able to get all my points out. pretty sure one of the guests whimpered "*..seriously? is his face is purple?..*". it probably was. the bluster from fotb was definitely gone at this point. his body had relaxed, shoulders less tense as he realized he was up a crap creek, and i was the only one giving out paddles. with his daughter still sobbing and my own bluster was fading, the scene became much more calm and controlled. i was still very pissed, but fotb wasn't finished with me yet. just the shouting match had ended. * "lets talk about this" his eyes were no longer looking at me. a sign that he knows what i said was true. "lets negotiate an arrangement in price." the dude was negotiating with me... in front of 30 guests, his weeping bride of a daughter and a stunned crowd still gathering. no attempt to take me aside or speak one-on-one. i was floored... honest to god stunned at his gall. * "...*negotiate*? what's to negotiate!?!?! it was your *negotiating* that **started** this whole thing! you didn't want to pay my company the $80 bucks for the extra pick up which caused the wedding to start late in the first place... then you didn't want to hear no for an answer with the @#$@ing bow being put on the car!" i let my words hang there for a bit and then said the thing i regretted. to this day i wish i could have taken them back. true or not, right or wrong, there are just some things you shouldn't say. i have no excuse for my words and the events of this day are certainly not ones i'll use. * "it was your cheapass who caused all of this to happen. you didn't want to pay extra or hire another limo company that would allow a bow to be placed on the front... probably because you were too cheap... so all this happened. **you f&amp;#$ing ruining your daughters wedding!** do you know that?!?!?" the shock of what i said caused the crowd to avert their eyes and move away. this was a low blow. i should have just taken his attitude like a man, should have let the boss handle all of this, should have done a lot of things but i let my anger control me. most of the guests went inside and others kept their distance and the bride/groom vanished to wallow in reception pity. fotb had tears welled up in his eyes and his body was shuddering from the pain of it. my heart sank. i just officially ruined his daughters wedding and insulted a proud man in front of his family and relatives. all of my anger was gone... vanished with the sight of this broken man who realized he royally screwed up. i croaked through a weak apology but it was too little too late. the damage was done. we calmly discussed some business things and he agreed not to press any of the issues with the limo. nobody was suing nobody. i told him i would do my best in controlling my boss but if there was permanent damage, there was nothing i could do about it. as we parted ways, he actually shook my hand. uhh... what? he shook my hand after that epic meltdown? are you crapping me?!?! wait... $20 bucks in my hand. he tipped me?!?!? holy crap the guy actually tipped me after all this... my mind was swimming in "what the hell just happened" thoughts and i hazily make my way to the car. i dial up my limo buddy and proceed to explain everything in as much detail as possible. i'm still on the phone as i pull into the nearest gas station to [clock out]. i put the nozzle in, start to fill the tank and continue talking in animated detail. i'm wandering around as i talk, being pumped full of adrenalin and all, when i notice something. i **burst out laughing** and my poor friend is wondering wtf is going on. i can't breath i'm laughing so hard. tears are actually welling up in my face and i'm coughing to get air in my lungs. * *through bursts of laughter* "...**the bow.... its still on the front of the car!**" *edit: just the cut up ribbons were in the back, the headpiece had never been removed from earlier.* **epilogue** the boss was told this story in full gory detail a few days later after he calmed down. i gave him the bow for him to deal with if the client was to press any issues. we never heard from the fotb, the bride or groom again and they never called to claim the remains of their heirloom. the bow however, became something of a legend at my old work as the story got passed from driver to driver. i ended up keeping the remains of the bow after enough time had passed in lost and found. i ended up losing it in a move a while back and now i'm attempting to find an old photo i took of it. no luck so far as i might have left it in the same box as the bow. in the end, the boss was still pissed at me for about a month but as there was no permanent damage other than the severed cable, he eventually let it go. i've told this story hundreds of times to friends and family and it gets retold just about every christmas to anyone who brings someone new. it brought a lot of anger and pain to me for a while, but i matured and grew a backbone. i can now laugh at my misfortune because i can't change the past. only learn from it. special note: if you are, or, somehow know the chinese couple who this story is about, please tell them this. "*please accept my humblest apologies for all that happened this day. now you know my side of the story and i hope to hear from you again over a beer if you are ok with it. i am truly sorry for all that happened that day. i wish you two the best of luck wherever you are and my deepest sympathy goes out on your behalf.*" thanks for taking a journey with me on the worst day i've ever had. *thank you for the gold whoever you are*customer just walked in and said "your curb just ripped the bumper off my car." i think i giggled a little. i was so taken aback. i finally said "i'm sorry, my curb didn't do anything, it just sat there." he didn't say anything, just looked at me for a minute. finally i said, "you'll have to talk to your insurance about that." he angrily huffed out of here and banged on the elevator a bit when he left. but it's not my curb that moved.major toy store, 3 days before christmas. entire aisles are barren. naturally we completely depleted the back stock rooms days ago to (ineffectively) compensate for not having any merchandise on the shelves but i am still asked dozens of times every day if there are any more of some arbitrary product in the back. most people accept that we don't have any more until our next truck comes in, but this guy (g) was particularly amusing. as i'm cleaning up in the evening: &gt;g: hey, do you have any more of this in the back? this box is roughed up. &gt;me: afraid not, we don't have any merchandise in the back at all right now. &gt;g: yeah, sure. you're just trying to get back to work (correct!) by blowing me off. now stop being lazy and check. incidentally this conversation was taking place very close to our back stock room. so... &gt;me: okay... would you like to come with me, just to make sure? i don't mind. *me and g enter the back room, he takes one step inside and sees, gasp, no product on a solid 50 yards of empty shelves.* &gt;g: you're a real smartass. &gt;me: okay. i probably am a smartass for doing that, but damn if it wasn't liberating. edit: thanks for the gold, you made the christmas eve morning i actually managed to get off even better!i was put on cashier duty a few days back and of all the people i got that day, this one mother stood out to me the most. as i was scanning her items, she took small gum pack off one of my displays. she showed it to her kids and asked if they wanted any. &gt;child: can we get some? &gt;mom: remember, we don't chew gum in this family she then turned the packet around and started reading the ingredients. and she pronounced them all correctly, meaning she has memorized them and practiced incredibly long ingredients. &gt;mom: look at all these chemicals. pure poison. just then, this woman just behind them decided to add her two-cents &gt;other woman: you know that [some ingredient listed] kills dogs in a large amount? imagine what that does to kids! i finished ringing up this mothers final products: doritos, cinnamon toast crunch, and a two-liter of coke.earlier this week, i had a customer ask if we were hiring. i shrugged my shoulders and let her know that she is always welcome to drop off a resume. oops, mistake #1. ~2 hours later, crazy lady (cl) calls. &gt; cl: oh good, it's you. so i am trying to write my resume but i am not sure what i should put for skills. what skills do you think i need to do your job?? &gt; me: you can probably check out the company's website and find relevant information there. sorry, but i can't help you beyond that. &gt; cl: no, i am confused. walk me through this! it's your job, you work in customer service, so serve the customer!!! &gt; me: sorry ma'am, but i can't write your resume for you. have a great day! i hang up on her and convey this info to my boss. my boss laughs and we both conclude that this lady is an idiot. about 20 minutes later, the phone rings! i pick it up, and it's the same lady. &gt; cl: hello?? so i started writing some skills but i don't know if it's any good. can i read them to you? *at this point i am very annoyed and have lost my patience.* &gt; me: well, i honestly would not bother. my manager would never hire anyone as incompetent as you are. *click* she ended up calling again, and my boss let her have it. crazzzzzy lady. o.oyesterday i was working at my store's customer help desk. this is different from customer service; they mainly process returns and resolve complaints, while i help customers find products, set up deliveries, and call other locations to confirm their stock for customers. this desk also sells nonstandard batteries (regular ones like aa, aaa, etc have their own shelf elsewhere). around noon, a customer (c) walks up to the desk to ask me (m) a question. m: how may i help you today? c: hi, can you tell me where i can get batteries? m: yes, the regular ones are in aisle 71 but if you want something like these you can only get them at this desk. i open the drawer and pull out a two-pack of cr2032 batteries. we sell several kinds of special batteries, but cr2032 is by far the most commonly requested one, and i guess not many customers know this. c: oh my god how did you do that??? that's the one i need! and i needed two of them! i try to explain that most people ask for that size but he continues to be bewildered. c: it's like you read my mind or something! he pays for the batteries and leaves with the biggest smile on his face. **edit** forgot a wordi only had the pleasure of overhearing this conversation part way through because i noticed a loud voice and rude tone all of a sudden. but basically the other day a guy came into our store questioning why he wasn't phoned back for an interview when he applied over a week ago and our job posting is still online. my supervisor tells him that we get a high volume of applications and if my store manager, who is in charge of hiring, decides to hold an interview he will call to schedule a time. &gt;applicant: i need a job! i'm here right now telling you i'm ready, willing and able to work and you're just throwing me out the door! &gt;supervisor: they need to look over your application and they'll let you know sir. &gt;applicant: how will they know who i am? &gt;supervisor: did you include your name and number on your application? &gt;applicant: yes! but i want it to be known that i'm here now ready and able to work! &gt;supervisor: i can get you the store manager if you like since he oversees the hiring. &gt;applicant: no! (his voice gets quieter but he starts pointing and doing weird hand gestures at my supervisor) she concludes saying she will take a physical copy of his resume since he has it with him and forward it along to my store manager, he wasn't happy with this, gives her a few more comments showcasing his anger and walks out of the store. he walks right by me to the door and says &gt;applicator: what a jerk! i can't believe this fucking stupid place! and he's confused why he doesn't have a job? you don't harass employees into giving you a job, sir! upfront apologies for any grammar or spelling mistakes. i work in a large thrift store about 40 miles outside of birmingham al. it's a christian run organization that has several ministries that it gives to and the one we give to helps battered women and children. each location has it's own that it gives to. i think last year is was somewhere around 51% of our net profit that we gave them. several million dollars easily. and while i am not christian, i love what the store does and the people who work there are awesome. now on to the real meat of the story. our basic operations is run through donations. people can come to the store and drop off their junk where it's taken to the back, weighed, counted, processed, graded, labeled, and then finally put onto the sales floor. one piece of clothing will pass between four to five people before reaching the customer. and we also do what we call 'specials' which is when we send our trucks to your house to pick stuff up. mostly furniture. now, when all is said and done, we have invested labor, space, time, and fuel into getting these items to sell at our store. but this is semi rural alabama. to say people are cheap would be charitable and there is always someone who wants to haggle and barter. we don't do either. and they will throw out a line like "but you got it for free!" no...no we didn't. but out of all of those times i have been told this, one in particular sticks out and still makes me rage a little. i was helping out the front end while the main lady was taking her break. no big deal. it's not busy, we have all our cashiers in, and there hasn't been many calls for specials. overall a pleasant morning. that is until miss alabama walks up to the counter decked out in hounds-tooth and red, carrying a very nice handbag, with a such a sour expression on her baboon ass lips that you might begin to wonder if baboon ass wasn't what she was tasting. in her hand she is holding a small statue that i had helped my assistant manager research online just that morning. it was a smallish sculpture by some famous artist that was worth a good $200. it depicted a man being held up by angel jesus set on a wooden base. campy and old, but we are firmly planted in the buckle of the bible belt. jesus sells here. we had a sticker on it for $24.99. i smile and ask her if there was anything i could do for her and she immediately snaps a quick, "yes there is! tell me how can you charge so much for something that y'all got for free?" it took me a moment to formulate an answer. "we price our items based on their value." "well it's missing a finger!" yes, jesus did not have a right index finger anymore. "that's why it's only $25." "that's outrageous. and look at it! it's dirty!" "oh, the dirt is free." it was a bad attempt at making her smile or at least bring the reigns in a bit, but no dice. if anything it just pissed her off more. "this is a thrift store! not an antique shop! you can't sell other people's junk and charge this much!" "we do give half of what we make to [charity's name]. and they have to pay us somehow." "i'm not paying thirty dollars for a broken knick knack." "that's actually [insert name of piece] by [artist's name]. one just like it sold on ebay for $200 last week." (i've long since forgotten both pieces of information). baboon lips intensify and her eyes narrowed. now i know her scheme. we have plenty of people who come to buy stuff and resell it on ebay. it's not new, we don't discourage it, and in fact most of them are valued customers. one guy i'll call joe comes in and buys up to $400 worth of shoes at a time to repair and resell. he's awesome. this lady? i don't like her. "i'll give you $4." "sorry, our prices are firm. $24.99." "well then i don't want it!" she plants the statue down on the service desk and stands there expectantly. "alright," i said and put it in the 'go back' box. her face morphed through several varieties of indignant rage before she marched off. the regular service lady returns from lunch and i am free. a few minutes later i see miss alabama walking around with the statue again and she approaches the floor supervisor. the floor supervisor is a sweet older lady who is devoutly christian, but with just enough sass to make her one of my favorite coworkers. "this didn't have a price on it," she says sweetly. "how much would you say this is? i found it over near the knick knacks." so much lies. but i've been in retail long enough to know going up there to declare her a liar is all forms of nope. so i just sit and listen. "oh yes, i remember this piece! such beautiful work!. you know, i love me some jesus!" she says this all the time, but it's still funny when she says it to customers. "too bad it's busted and so dirty. so i'll say..." she hummed and thought about it for a few seconds before turning back to the lady and saying, "$34.99." the face of miss alabama baboon lips was so delicious. she looked like she wanted to start in on the floor supervisor the way she did me, but bit back her bile and simply said, "oh...well thank you." she marched up to the register and by the time she got up to check out, the original "$24.99" sticker had miraculously returned! i waited till she had left before going up to my supervisor and telling her about what had transpired between miss alabama baboon lips and myself. "oh, i know. best way to get people trying to scam you out of paying the sticker price is to quote them a higher one when the sticker goes 'missing'. if there's one thing i won't tolerate, it's stealing from those trying to do god's work!" tldr: have you found jesus? yes, he's down at the thrift store for $25. so i work at an internet cafe. basically its an internet gambling place. you sign up, give me money and it goes onto your account which turns into points you can play these slot machine like games on a computer(as well as search the internet but no one does that) when you win points from these games you can come up to me and redeem the points for cash, or use the winnings to continue to play the games. first off let me say we *do not* have a tip jar. no one is ever expected to tip us nor do i expect anyone to us no matter how big they win. there is *nothing* asking for tips or any sort of extra money for us as were already getting paid. we are allowed to accept tips if the customer gives us one, which for me is awesome. there are very few tippers that come through my store but when they win big they tip typically $5-$40 depending. so diner lady comes through my store every day. shes not a bad customer but i know her because she works at my favorite diner and typically leave her a good(about half my bill) tip since the diner is incredibly cheap so a huge meal for 2 is only $20, a good tip on that would only be $3(15%) i can only imagine how hard it is living off $3 tips when you have 2children. this is assuming they get tips since ive noticed most people dont tip in my area. i mean i know all those tips probably end up in my hands anyway, so i dont know i still like to tip. two days before this story takes place i had given her a $12 tip on a $20(a 60% tip) anyway today dl comes in puts on her normal $20 and plays. she wins really big and comes out with $400!! wow great for her. she hands me a $20 and says "thats for you" i am always grateful for tips "wow! really? you know you dont have to, thank you so much! i really do appreciate it" i always try to make sure they know how much i do appreciate being tipped since i dont really do anything that warrants a tip. she puts another $40 on her account and keeps playing. she looses that and puts more on. and more on and more on so on and so forth till i have her entire $400 back, but she continues to play easily another $180 after that. thats when she comes up to me looking nervous... dl "so princess_honey_bunny do you think you can put $20 on?" me "sure!" and i wait and i wait and shes just looking at me. me "im am going to need that $20 before i put it on your account" dl "oh well i was hoping you could put that $20 i gave to you on" me "what?" dl "i mean i just want my money back is that okay?" i have quite a bit of freedom at my job, especially to turn away customers when theyre being rude or if we think their bad for business so i can really say whatever i want with in reason. me "you know you didnt have to tip me that was up to you." dl "listen i just want my money back theres no reason to guilt trip me. all i did was change my mind. i dont want to sound like a ^bitch but thats my fucking money and i want it" (she always whispers bitch. this isnt the first time shes said i dont want to be a bitch...) me "okay okay ive got it right here its no problem i understand" now i was pissed. i give her great tips all the time, at least once a week amounting to much more than this $20 and this was the first time she had tipped me even though shes won much more before. i never expected her to tip me i genuinely like giving good tips since i know it can make a servers day much better when theyve been getting crappy tips all day. but as i said, tips are up to them and not expected at all and if she wants it back then she can have it back. i reached into my wallet and pulled out $8 me "here you go" dl "i gave you $20 this is only $8, wheres the rest of it?" me "i took my tip back. the one i gave you sunday. all i did was change my mind right" she looked at me gaping and then left. **bonus** this morning i got up early get some breakfast at the diner since my so was leaving for a week and we wanted to grab some food before his flight. i asked for another waitress today(i know most of them by name now). dl saw the big tip i left for her coworker($15) i think the best part of this whole story is that she still came in and played today(shes here right now), except now she barley looks at me.this lady comes to my window - at the financial institution where i work - motions to an old nextel flip phone hooked to her coat, and tells me she's a police officer. very quickly, she says she needs information on checks and grocery stores because she's working undercover. she wants to know how checks work because apparently people have been going to one of them, using checks to pay, and then the cashier is asking for them to swipe their debit card and enter their pin. now there's no reason for this so i'm not sure what information she wants from me. i fetch my asst manager for her, she flashes her cell phone, announces her officer status and adds that she's working with their customer service. when she explains her deal again and is asked what she would like us to do, she says she needs a list of all the grocery stores in the area. well, that's not really our job to keep track of such things, so we can't help her. she takes a few steps back, says she'll inform her chief, and that my asst manager can expect to be arrested soon. suffice to say, we've never heard from her of her "chief".i work for an international shipping store that can ship using the local postal services along with our usual shipping services. often people will pick the local postal services option because it is typically cheaper, and get angry when they can't track their package on our website. this interaction happened yesterday between me(m) and angry lady(al). &gt;me(m): hello. how can i-- &gt;al: wheres my package?! &lt;spittle flies out of her mouth at the speed of sound&gt; &gt;m: i'm sorry. &lt;wipes spittle off face&gt; do you have a mailbox here or did you ship-- &gt;al: look! &lt;throws shipping receipt on to counter&gt; &gt;m: ma'am, we will try our best to help you but yelling will not help me understand your problem any better. &lt;as i remove even more saliva that has come from the fire hydrant this woman speaks through&gt; &gt;al: &lt;picks up receipt and waves it in my face&gt; i can't track my package and you said it would get there on (2 days prior). &lt;she is waving her hands as if she is orchestrating the ignorant walnut band&gt; &gt;m: alright. your receipt says you sent it (local postal service express). &lt;points to line on receipt that says (local postal service express)&gt; &gt;al: you expect me to read the receipt! &lt;waves her hands for the ignorant walnut's second set&gt; &gt;m: uhh.. yes ma'am. reading is a good skill to have.&lt;i give a sensible chuckle&gt;&lt;other people in line chuckle as well&gt; &gt;al: are you laughing at me?! &lt;looks accusingly at us chucklers.&gt; &gt;m: no mam. however, i just tracked your package and it was marked delivered (2 days prior). &gt;al: it is not there though! &lt;squirtle used water gun&gt;&lt;employee is unfazed&gt; &gt;m: unfortunately because you did not use one of our services you will have to contact (local postal center). give them this number. &lt;highlights tracking number&gt; &gt;al: this is b*******! i ain't doing that!(sic) &gt;m: if you ever would like to find your package you will have to contact them. &lt;smiles to prevent my rage from spewing back into her face&gt; &gt;al: fine! but i'm never coming back here! &lt;storms off with her face leaking like a busted pipe&gt; &gt;m: no problem! have a nice day! &lt;sneaks off to post story online for internet points&gt; edit: internet points and reddit gold. maybe she wasn't so bad. edit2: til how to spell ma'am. thanks /u/pureskill and /u/fermion72there's a tl:dr at the bottom. i don't put them on top because it feels like spoilers. this is a story from many years ago. i have since quit this job and gotten a bit wiser. in hindsight, what i did could have cost me the job, but it was worth the satisfaction. at the store i worked, there was a policy that the person who is the lead cashier for the night is also responsible for restocking the candy. we would get peaks and lows in the customers wanting to check out. if there were no customers around, we were expected to do the restocking. at this point in the night, there was a small surge of customers. myself and my coworker are ringing them out, and i have a box of candy sitting near my register because i was the lead cashier that night. a small family approaches me. mother, grandmother, and two young children (big sister (12) and little sister (9)). while mother is unloading her basket of items, grandmother goes to sit on a bench near the store exit. little sister and big sister chill out near their mother for a bit. while hanging out, big sister grabs a piece of candy from the box i had open and pockets it into her jeans. no one besides me sees her do this. big sister and little sister go to sit on the bench with grandma. at this point, i'm conflicted. the child is old enough to know what she did and young enough to be whipped into shape by being caught. plus, i like my job and she just stole from my store right in front of me. i decide to take action. as i am checking out her items, i casually ask the mother "is that your child with the brown hair sitting on the bench?" when the mom replies yes, i dropped my bomb. "can you please have her pay for the candy she just took?" my coworker told me later that it went silent after i said that. mother wants to assume the best, so she calls over big sister and says "this lady said you just took a piece of candy without paying for it." big sister - "no i didn't" me - "it's in the front right pocket of her jeans." grandmother reaches into the pocket and pulls out not only the piece of candy, but about 5 other small items from around the store that big sister had picked up while wandering around. mother went livid. she told the child that they were returning all the things she had bought for her that day and that she would be in trouble when they got home. as big sister cried, i handed the mother her receipt. it was satisfying to see the kid so upset over getting caught, since i cared more about scaring the kid straight then i did about a $0.40 piece of candy. tl:dr called a kid out for shoplifting. her mother decides to punish the child instead of talking to my supervisor about my behavior.  so three days ago i had a young woman come through my line trying to buy some items with a check. it was not hers, and declined it. she asked me why, and i explained it to her. she apologized, and was very understanding as the reason why. she said she needed the stuff so she was going to call her dad who was who the check belonged too. well about 20 minutes passed, and her dad showed up. he was not as understanding. he starts off with trying to say he has done this before. i told him i was following procedure, and was not allowed to accept a check from someone who's name was not on the check. i begin to rescan all the items while the man made snide comments about me not accepting the check. such as there last names are the same, and there addresses are the same, and i just replied that last names does not mean direct family, and the person had a common last name. also i never got as far as checking her id since the check had his name on it. it was that simple. as i finished scanning he handed me the check i denied, and i asked for his id. he then decided to blow up, and make a scene. he started screaming at me, and calling me several names. i looked at him, and just told him he needed to calm down. well as usual that just makes them even madder. he continues on, and my supervisor takes notice. he comes over, and i did not have to tell him what was happening as the guy was screaming about what i did asking for his id. the supervisor takes over, and the man gives my supervisor the id. he runs the rest through, and the man storms out screaming he was going to talk to my manager. the next day i get into work, and my manager calls me to his office. the man was true to his word except he went a step beyond. he called our corporate office. the manager asked me about what happened, and i told him what happened i did not accept the check from the woman, and asked for his id. the man was causing a scene the supervisor took over, and he said he was going to tell you about me. well corporate sent down to my manager that proper procedure was followed, and requested investigation to see if i had done anything wrong. the supervisor was asked about the situation, and i was in the clear. about half way into my shift the man walked into the door, and sees me at the counter. he an agitated grunt, and storms by. minutes later i hear him hollering. unfortunately i could not understand what he was hollering, but then a few minutes later the manager showed up, and told me the guy was mad because i was not fired. we began chatting, and he stopped suddenly as he had a call on his earpiece. he left in a hurry. a few minutes later he came through with security, and they were walking him out of the store. my manager stopped by on his way back through, and told me he was screaming at some customer, and one of our ladies in deli because the woman was waiting on an order, and the man did not want to wait. the manager asked me if i would write out what happened with me for some paper work, and he got the customers information. he was going to have the man served a no trespass order. i wonder how that is going to work out for the person who serves him. long time lurker of this subreddit, first post, etc. i actually have a pretty decent story to share! so, some background: i work in a electronics retail stor. we offer accidental damage coverage plans on almost everything, including cellphones. this tale actually begins about half an hour before my shift. i arrived to work early in my normal civilian clothing and am eating my lunch in the break room. a coworker who specializes in watching cameras to ensure people aren't stealing comes in the break room laughing. &gt; "nicol3xc you'll never believe what just happened! i was watching the cameras, focusing on this one girl who i thought was trying to steal an expensive phone case but she did something so much better!" my coworker goes on to tell me that this girl was looking at those fancy phone cases that are supposed to protect your phone if it drops or gets submerged in water and all that stuff (she already had one on her phone but i guess she wanted to see the other ones we had?). a guy came over and started talking to her and she begins to demonstrate the case functions using her phone as an example. she then lifts the phone above her head and smashes it into the ground. when she picks it up she realizes that her phone screen is shattered and it is not turning on, so she begins to cry. so she gets in line to be helped with her phone. so coworker is telling me this, and because i'm still in normal clothes i decided i'm going to carefully look at some things around the line she's waiting in. when i walk near her, she is sobbing uncontrollably. eventually one of my coworkers is available to help her and i could only get bits and pieces of the conversation, but it started off with her saying she dropped her phone (coworker knew of the situation beforehand). he then asked her if she had any sort of protection plan on it. she answers no, but that she just bought it a couple of months ago and paid $600 for the total cost of the phone. coworker says that unfortunately there is nothing we can do. phones we are not allowed to exchange outside of the first 14 days, so if it were a defect you would have to go through the manufacturer, but because it is a cracked screen they will not cover it. the lady does not like that. she looks at my coworker and goes &gt;"i'm going to sue you and this entire store for this!" coworker just replies &gt; "alright, but we do have a video of you smashing the phone into the ground." she looked he had slapped her, but immediately turned and walked towards the manager. manager says &gt;"don't bother, i heard and saw the entire thing." lady just walks out. end edit: this is my most popular post ever. thank you guys. your stories are making my lunch break even better. its summer again, time to come home and resume my shitty grocery store cashier job! backstory: i went to orlando with my mom last week. on the trip i first dropped my ipad on my foot and broke 3 of the bones on the top of my foot (apparently you really can do that if you drop it just right). then two days later while i was getting off of the shuttle bus i completely wiped out and tore a ligament in my ankle. the same foot as the break. my coordination is a thing of beauty. long story short, i have a boot, ankle brace and have to stay off my foot for awhile. my managers were super understanding, they told me i could stay home if i wanted, but as long as i can sit, i don't see why i can't sit at work. if i must remain seated regardless, might as well get paid for it. so they got me a stool to sit on as i ring groceries. i'm having trouble adjusting to scanning and bagging while seated so i am a bit slower than usual. but i am all smiles and trying my best goddamn it!! - enter: grumpy rude asshat (gra) - &gt; me: hello! did you find everything alright? &gt; gra: you can stand to ring my groceries. &gt; me: well, i would love to, but unfortunately i have broken my foot and have to stay off it. &gt; gra: i think you're just lazy &gt; me: um no, its really broken. i have a boot and everything. gra then proceeds to walk all the way around my register to look at my foot. which is indeed in a boot. &gt; gra: well you can buy those at the store. you're still just lazy. &gt; me: alright, well short of pulling up my x-rays, i do not know what you would like me to tell you. i am not suppose to stand on my foot but would be pleased to ring you up while seated. &gt; gra: i'll go somewhere else he then abandons his cart and walks out. what a grand start to my return to retail hell. i no longer work in retail but whenever we get closer to the holidays i always think of this experience. i used to work a a big box electronics store and every year like clockwork someone comes in a hour before the store closes on christmas eve asking for a new ds or ps4 or whatever. clearly the store is picked dry and i get to help this dumass waiting until the last moment. when i tell them we are sold out the next words out of their mouth always astound me... "you just ruined my kids christmas!" now by this time i am tired of christmas and all the people that really do not make it the most wonderful time of the year. thankfully our managers turned the other way in these scenarios and allow us to respond. "excuse me?! i didn't ruin anything! you did by waiting until the last moment. now is there anything else i can get you today?" by that time they ask for a manager and they ask the same question and annoyed and upset that we can't make one appear out of thin air they storm out to try and terrorize another innocent worker. edit: my highest rated post on reddit ever and i have a spelking error in the title :p. &gt;.&gt;i used to work in a local store that was kinda like a big box store only smaller. last week the owners decided to do a 10% off everything in the store promotion. but they didn't go about it the best way. first, they didn't tell the employees about it until it was happening and customers were yelling at us about not getting their 10% off. also they didn't put any extra people on staff because they didn't realize how crazy the store would get. usually on a 4 hour shift i might get 10 people total at my register. last week i was on register for 4 straight hours with people coming through, no break and no slowing down of customers. so of course things were crazy all over the store, stuff was a mess, so the owners were asking everyone to work ot. some people were able to work lots of ot and wanted the money, but i could only work a little ot because i'm a single mom. my shifts were all arranged around my kids' school days and activities. on halloween night one of the owners asks if i can work ot that night and i said no because i was going to take my kids trick-or-treating. she begged me but i said i'm sorry, it's their favorite holiday and i'm not going to make them miss it. also many of my young single coworkers who were with me told the owner they could stay till closing so they had lots of extra hands on deck. yesterday i walked in to start my shift and the owner told me to come to her office, then fired me officially. she said they need someone more dedicated to the store and can't have me putting other things before my work. i'm pissed off because money is going to be really tight for awhile but no store is more important than my kids. update: wow, didn't expect so many responses! i applied for unemployment this morning and i'm pretty sure i'll get it. i did some online research and in my state they can fire you without warning for any reason. i don't think i can sue because it's not illegal. i will call the labor board to double check. good news is that the daycare center i used to work it has an opening. my old boss is still there and she said she'd be happy to take me back. i have to do a formal application and everything but i'm pretty much a shoo-in. plus, free daycare for my kids!i've been working at a grocery store as a cashier since march and was recently promoted to customer service manger with the new year. being both male and still in high school doesn't fit the coincidental precidence that had been placed at our store for csm but many of the customer are already used to it due to the fact that most of them are regulars. but there was one customer (just call him joe) who had a hard time accepting it. i get a phone call for the bakery and since our bakery was closed i told joe that i would take the order for him. it was a king cake and we ship them across country for those who can't enjoy them in their own states. **joe** "oh. the bakery isn't open?" **me** "no sir. but i am more than capable of taking your order" **joe ** "can you get a manager to do it? i know i have to pay over the phone and it has to be shipped so i just want it to go right" **me** "i am the current manager on duty" **joe** "no you aren't" and then he hung up. about thirty minutes later i am helping out a new cashier at one of the registers when i heard someone ask for the customer service manager and heard them directed towards me. i left the register and greeted the man and recognized his voice. **joe** "hi i was on the phone earlier and i wanted to make a king cake order but i wanted a manager and they wouldn't get one" **me** "that was me. i am the front end manager" **joe** "no you aren't. where is your supervisor?" i called my supervisor and the guy asks to make a king cake order. my supervisor responds by pointing to me and saying "that's his job. he is the front end manger." after my supervisor leaves, the guy looks at me. **joe** "i'll do the order tomorrow after work." little does he know that i'm the manager on duty for the next 4 days. guess he's not getting a king cake ordered. edit: mistype so this story takes place when i worked in the garden center of a large grocery store. we were able to process all transactions through our register, so many people would come to check out here as the line tended to be shorter. this was all fine and well except for one thing, when people brought items with electronic security tags we were unable to deactivate them as our portable scanner had been left in the rain and ruined. this meant that any time an item with one such tag was purchased the security gate would go off and we would simply wave the person through as we had just checked them out. on a day in which the alarm had gone off several times, i decided to discuss it with my manager. &gt;me: so is there any way we can get a new security tag scanner? i'm tired of hearing the alarm all day. &gt;manager: we've decided it isn't cost effective to replace it since you people keep leaving it in the rain. you deserve to have to listen to this all day, and when we finally get a new one maybe you won't take it for granted. this set me off a bit as i had not even been employed when the the original scanner was damaged. i went to a party with my friends that night and began to vent about how dumb my boss was. i told everyone how we were going to end up losing more money from theft because it was so easy to steal from us. all someone would have to do is actually purchase one item with a security tag and stuff their purse/bag with other items. when the alarm went off the cashier would assume it was due to the purchased item and wave them through. after two days off i walk back into work and see we have a brand new security tag scanner sitting on the counter. &gt;me: so you decided to get us a new scanner after all? &gt;manager: yeah, we had hundred of dollars worth of stuff stolen this weekend from electronics. lp thinks they were simply buying an item or two through here and stuffing their bags since we have been waving people through the alarms. &gt;me: oh...you don't say... oops. customer was dawdling and we were getting ready to close. we can't say anything to them until a decent amount of time after we've actually closed. it's 15 minutes past closing time, they're still shopping. manager approaches customer. &gt;customer: i know you're closed but i'm almost done picking out my tupperware. &gt;manager: we're closing the registers so if you're going to purchase please do so in the next 5 minutes. our employees need to go home to their families. &gt;customer: you work retail, you chose this job, you gave up the rights to have a family or spend time with them. if you want family time get a real job. what. just what. also she had spent quite literally over 2 hours looking at tupperware. we have 2 shelves of it. i don't even know anymore. i've been out of the retail game for a while, but reading shoplifter stories reminded me of a very satisfying encounter that happened just before i left for my next job. our store had very little theft; our inventory always came in within $40 of what was expected, making us the best in company (~170 stores). best store got bonuses/prizes/free product, so we took the theft that did occur very seriously. fortunately, we only had one thief! she's about 19, and apparently has a passion for socks and sandals. we've never caught her fully red-handed, but we've come very close, so since we couldn't ban her we would just follow her around and watch her closely until she left. occasionally she would bring a friend to try to distract us, in which case two employees would team up. a week before i started my (non-retail) job, i saw her for the last time. while i followed and watched her she turned sharply and asked, "why are you always right behind me?! nobody else gets treated like this." i replied stone-faced, "nobody else is dumb enough to steal socks." she turned white and immediately bolted. according to my old coworkers, they haven't seen her since. this remains one of my most satisfying moments in retail. update: one of my old coworkers is on reddit and saw this! apparently she was arrested from shoplifting for a nearby store about four months ago :)i work at a recreation center, and we check in about 1500 people a day. people walk by the front desk and swipe a little key card to check in, but if you happen to forget it at home, we can look you up. one day, a young man who's name begins with dc (so we'll call him that) comes up to the front desk. he was about 14 years old. **dc** hey i forgot my tag, could you check me in? **me** yeah man, sure. first and last name? *i checked the kid in and he went on his merry way. twenty minutes later, a tall, muscular guy walks up. (tm)* **tm** hey i dont have my card. can you check me in, man? **me** no problem, first and last name? **tm** *name of the kid who just checked in* *now, we're a really laid back center. if you dont have a pass and you just want to come in for that day, 99% of the time we'll just let you in, but we have a 0 tolerance policy on account sharing, because of liability reasons. * **me** sorry, looks like someone else is already inside under that name (we can let two people im under the same name. nothing in the computer stops us, or even alerts us. i just recognized the name because the other kid is a regular) **tm** excuse me? i just got back in town, nobody has my card. **me** they didnt check in with a card. it was by name. **tm** what did the kid look like? **me** im afraid i'm not at liberty to say. **tm** short black kid, real tall hair? wears bright pink shoes? **me** im afraid i cant answ- **tm** oh i understand, but your face said everything i wanted to know. *he proceeds to yell down the hall toward the basketball court* **tm** heeeey, [a name that isnt dc]! *dc comes sprinting around the corner, full speed, almost knocking into an old man. tm drops his bag, which i now realize is army issue.* **dc** youre home! they had a heartwarming reunion. there at the front desk. i went ahead and let them both go in, and i set tm up with a new, free membership and switched his current one down for dc to use. edit; thanks for the gold edit; i got 99 comments and i almost posted this as a comment, ruining this joke.hello everyone, first time poster long time yada yada. on to the story! during my junior and senior years of highschool i worked at a fast food place in my home town. working there for two years, i have a lot of stories, but today i'll tell you about the guy who almost got beat up over a milkshake. on this particular night, i was working on the front counter, which included making all the fried items, taking orders, cleaning the lobby, carrying out food, etc. it's a pretty slow night, maybe three tables occupied, one of which is occupied by my parents. they liked to come in and eat with me at work once a week or so, they're awesome. so i'm behind the counter, stocking and cleaning up, when a man and woman come in, probably late 40's, early 50's. i don't see any alarm bells on them, besides the woman's resting bitch face, but plenty of cheery folks have that. anyway, they order, and the woman wants to substitute a shake in place of her drink. this is fine, except that she only wants the medium size shake, while her meal comes with a large. seeing as the meal comes with a large shake, i can give her a medium, but can't refund her the price difference. this is roughly how that goes. me: me; dl: dumb lady; dh: dumb husband. &gt; dl: i'll take a #1, but i wan't a chocolate shake instead of the drink. but instead of the regular size it comes with, can i get one size smaller instead? &gt; me: certainly, but you should know that, even if i give you a medium size shake i can't refund you the price difference, so you would still be paying for the large shake. &gt; dl: really? that's pretty stupid. why do i have to pay for the large shake if i'm only getting the medium one? &gt; me: i'm sorry ma'am, that's just the way the company does it. &gt; dh: that's stupid. we're not gonna pay for a larger shake and only get a smaller one. &gt; me: okay, so you just want to stick with the regular large shake then? &gt; dh: no, she wants the medium size! just give it to her and give us the fucking difference! now, remember how i said my parents were there? well, my dad, who is a rather large and intimidating looking man, decides he's had enough of some jackass yelling at his son. (d will be my dad) &gt; d (stands up, with his trademarked death glare): look you son of a bitch, that's my son, and if you raise your voice at him again, i'm gonna kick your ass. at this point, the man, woman, myself, and the other guests in the lobby are all in complete silence with my dad staring at this man. after about 8 seconds of this, the woman quietly says she'll take the regular sized shake, they hand me the money, and immediately leave after getting their food without a word. i never saw them again in my 2 years there.is long...sorry i work for a prepaid cell phone company in a small-ish retirement town. i have a lot of regulars who come in to have us fix small problems with their phones (how do i do this, or this won't work...) or sometimes just to chat. they bring me small things occasionally like hair clips, a book they wrote, a giant pen for my kid. small tchotchkes as thanks for sitting down and explaining things. it feels good to be thanked and remembered. today takes the cake though. i had a customer come in friday to pay their bill and commented that their spouse had bought them a kindle fire and they had no idea how to use it. i told them " i'm an amazon junkie and i have a couple of kindles. season ended so we are dead on sundays. come in, i'll set it up and walk you through using it ." they tell me great, see you then. they come in today and i go through everything. we get to chatting and they stay about 3 hours. at the end of my shift i'm starting to wrap up and close down in 1/2 an hour when they ask if i ever take vacation as i'm always there. i replied "yeah when i get a chance." they say great, we have timeshare. i'm going to book a vacation for you. ("whaaaa?") they proceed to call wyndham resorts and ask what dates i would like so i said aug is my kid's birthday. they paid for a 3 night stay for my son and me to celebrate his birthday. i am so amazed that someone would do that for anyone much less me. tl;dr customer bought me a vacation.this will be a quick one, but since this happened at the start of the weekend i'm sure the stupid will keep rolling in. so i work in the electronics department of a big box toy store, and i've been in video game/ electronic retail for about 5 years now. (aka: i know my stuff) this older woman comes over and has a handwritten christmas list and she's looking for the latest football game on the wiiu. i inform her that the latest football game did not come out on that platform, but she drops this. "well, my grandson knows this stuff inside and out so if he put it on this list, it must be there. can you check the back?" good lord, a double whammy. i let her know that i don't have product in my back room and that i know for sure that the game didn't come out on the console. we go back and fourth like this for a few minutes to the point to where i'm getting pretty snappy. (i get very blunt this time of year, happy retail smile turns into resting retail face). finally, she says that her grandson is 9 and she's for sure that he must be right. i finally just give up and tell her to try the big box electronic store, and that they could probably help her. sorry fellow retail slave that she ends up with...i'll buy you a coffee someday.i just started this job, it's at a convience store. when we are in training we wear buttons that say 'trainee', so i see this younger guy give another guy money and points to tobacco then follows him to the register. the buyer blines for me and this happens &gt;buyer: camel turkish royals please. &gt;me: i need to see both of your ids please. &gt;buyer: what why? &gt;me: i saw you taking money from him and now you want cigarettes, so please ids. &gt;buyer: he's 6'5" are you fucking kidding me, how can he be a minor. &gt;me: my best friend was 6'3" in ninth grade, ids please. &gt;buyer: give me my cigarettes. i proceed to ignore him and get the folks behind him. he leaves then comes back 20 minutes later in sunglasses and a ballcap. by this time the employees had been warned of him. &gt;buyer: camel turkish royals &gt;cw: hey n64gc, you mind taking over my register locked because i need a break he proceeded to smirk because that's not how it works. so i go over there and i stand there and act oblivious. &gt;me: hello sir thank you for choosing generic gas station, how may i assist you. &gt;buyer with rage through clenched teeth: camel turkish royals... &gt;me: certainly did you bring the other guys id this time? then he snapped &gt;buyer with vigor: stop playing me for a fool give me my cigarettes you damn idiot at this point my manager comes up scans candy cigarettes and puts them in a bag and gives them to him then points him towards the door. i think i'll like it here.a really short one today. i had a customer come in and place an online order for a product we didn't have in-store. i was collecting her information when i asked her for her name. "katelyn," she told me. "and can you spell that for me?" i asked. she looked at me with an expression of pure disgust, then asked, "you literally don't know how to spell katelyn?" pretty proud of myself for not missing a beat as i replied, "on the contrary, i can think of about ten ways to spell the name 'katelyn' right now. how do you spell it?"first post. mobile. 24 hour petrol station. late at night. it's been a busy warm spring night, and i've been at the same night shift job for a year, so my give-a-crap-ometer was empty. a customer walked in, bee lined to the 10l water boxes, and proceeded to violently grab the top one, causing the stack to fall over. he comes up to the register and throws the water on the glass. him: "i'll take this." me: "are you going to pick up the other water?" h: "i didn't f***ing touch it you just f***ing stacked it wrong." now, i've had my soul destroyed by retail, so i have no qualms talking back anymore. i work by myself all night, the managers love that i actually get work done, i've been held up, i stopped caring a long time ago. m: "well unless you pick them up, i'm not going to sell you that. " h: "i know the ceo! i'll get you fired unless you sell me this! " m: do you know his number? h: yes! m: then here's the phone, use it to ring him. h: i'll do it! m: go ahead, the phone is right there. h:... just sell me this f***ing water! m: no. he then raged out of the store, leaving the water on the register and all over the aisle, which i then went and cleaned up, took all of 10 seconds. but i guess people who know the ceo don't need to treat people like people. but they don't get their water when they don't.i worked for a pizza place that ran these amazing coupons to try and get people in the door, like 50% off a large pizza or buy 1 get 1 free subs. of course "one coupon per order" was printed on the front. people would give us so much shit about that 1 coupon thing; threaten not to pay for the food we had already made, or get sneaky and just have everyone order separately, so we just gave up and started letting people use all the coupons. well there was one family of bottomfeeders that would abuse the hell out of these coupons. they'd bring in thier family of 8 with a handful of coupons and end up getting $80 of food for $40, and ask us for freebies cause they were "spending so much money." they pushed all the tables together in the dining room together, make a huge mess, never tip, and never paid full price for a single thing. one day they arrived and started pushing the tables together, everyone in the kitchen groaned. but the owner was in this day, so we had to try to enforce the 1 coupon rule. they whined and bitched, so the owner decided to handle it himself. he went out and made some friendly small talk, and told the bottomfeeders he would let them use 2 of the coupons, but if he let them use all 6, that he wouldn't make any money. i heard him explaining that he too had a family to feed and that he had the right to refuse coupons or service if he needed to. these monsters were hearing none of it. they all got up screaming that we were ripping them off, they're never coming back, (oh noes) and they were going to flame us all over the internet. the father started talking lawsuit, which we all had a good laugh about. he was pointing his finger at us on his way out the door, as we were cheering, he's blathering about his cousin the district attorney and he said "you can't afford to mess with me." i shouted after him,"well you can't afford a large pizza!"i work at a gas station chain, so as you can imagine i get my fair share of crazy gamblers. this happened about a month or so ago (surprisingly not during this insane powerball rush). *it's 5 o'clock rush hour, people are streaming into the store one by one. crowds are accumulating searching for shitty gas station pizza a man comes in with $200 worth of powerball...uh oh* &gt;**me** : hello sir, how are you doing today? &gt;**crazy lottery man** : *grunts* check these for me &gt;**me** : oh, we have a self checker so you can just hand me the ones you know are winners :) he glares at me, like i'm scum. i can already tell this isn't going to be a good experience. &gt;**crazy lottery man** : well don't you get paid? &gt;**me** : ummmm yes sir &gt;**crazy lottery man** well then you can check them, huh? &gt;**me** i suppose... i am accumulating a crazy line, and the other clerk is no where to be seen. i really do not have time to check all these lottery tickets, but i must comply. i go over to the machine scanning each ticket, trying to organize and save the winners for my books. crazy lottery man looks irritated that it's taking so long, but he doesn't look as irritated as all the customers behind him. i finally finish, and gather the winning tickets. &gt;**me** alight sir you have *starts counting out tickets* &gt;**crazy lottery man** nope *sighs deeply* you missed some of my winnings start over at this point i'm getting nervous with all the irritated customers waiting not so patiently, and i'm starting to feel a little bit of pressure. &gt;**me** :ummm ok, *counts again until i come up with $36* &gt;**crazy lottery man** there is no way that is right, ii'm tired of you people trying to short me for your own personal gain. you can count those again. i wanted to say look dude my paycheck will be the same, no matter how much you win. i don't give two flying fucks about your lottery winnings, and i have no reason to short you. &gt;**me** : *sighs* ok, counts again and get $36 once again. crazy lottery man is turning red in the face, he looks like he's ready to strangle me. &gt;**crazy lottery man** : nope there's no way that's it. are you really that stupid? count again. i'm irritated at this point, and feel humiliated. luckily the other clerk has made themselves present and is attending to the other customers. &gt;**me** : *counts again* $36 crazy lottery man is tomato red, and fuming. &gt;**crazy lottery man**: this is ridiculous! "wow did you even graduate high school? you cant even count. did they just hire you to stand here in look pretty cause it seems like you can't do anything else. at this point i feel shamed and humiliated, other customers are watching. i wanted to say yea fuck face i graduated high school a semester early, with a 4.0 and throw his lottery tickets on the floor. &gt;**me** : would you like to count them sir? &gt;**crazy lottery man** : i shouldn't have to but you've left me no choice *he counts them aloud finishing off with $36* whatever just give me my money! i slowly count out all $36. time for another tale from my years in an "upscale grocery store". so, my name is a bit unusual. it's an variant spelling of a common name. for example, alternates of the name nicholas: nicolas (french), nicolaus (german), nikolaos (greek), nikolaus (scandinavian), nicolás (spanish). now, my name isn't nicholas (i'd be pretty stupid to tell stories about my work using my real name, wouldn't i?) but that should give you an idea. i rather like the spelling of my name, because i'm named after my grandfather. i'll use nicholas as the example in this story, though. one day, a customer looked at my name tag and asked a common question. &gt;customer: "how is your name pronounced" &gt;me: "just nicholas, sir. it's the [country] spelling of the name. i was named after my grandfather." &gt;customer: "are you from there?" &gt;me: "nope, i'm from the states." &gt;customer (looking slightly confused): "oh, i see." i scan a few more items of his, then he speaks up again. &gt;customer: "have you ever thought of changing it to the american spelling?" &gt;me: "no, i haven't." &gt;customer: "well, you really should." &gt;me: "i'm sorry?" &gt;customer: "you should really consider changing your name to the american spelling. it'd be more polite to your customers if your name was spelled the right way." &gt;me: "your total is $xx.xx, sir. will that be cash or credit?" yes, the dude seriously wanted me to change my name because he was offended by a slightly different spelling. hello tfr, i work in an internet cafe which is basically legal computer gambling under the guise of buying internet time. you get to play slot machine like games on a computer and are able to redeem the points for cash. so i recently go engaged to my wonderful so! he gave me an absolutely gorgeous diamond ring that i love! yay! onto the story. iopened the store, did my duties and took care of the 10 people who had come in. i began making coffee for myself only to find that one of my coworkers had neglected to empty the coffee pot from the last time he used it. it was old, cold and full of mold(not really just kindof gross). yuck. i poured out the old coffee and tried to clean it out using some clorox wipes. this coffee pot is weird, its like a thermos and the opening on top is really small and is really hard to get your hand into. luckily i have tiny hands but my ring and watch made it a pain to get my hand into, plus i didnt want nasty old coffee on them, so i took them off and placed them in a clean ashtray next to me(so they wouldnt get knocked off or anything). some lady, lets call her bfl for big fucking liar, comes up to the door of my counter about to get a soda[ \(store layout to make a little more sense, red is counter, green is desk\)]( i took my hand out of the coffee pot and was about to reach for my rings to put them on when suddenly bfl starts going crazy! bfl: "omg omg you found it, you found my ring! im so happy ive been looking for it everywhere" she starts reaching towards it, and i slam my hand over the ashtry before she could get her thieving hands near it. me : "excuse me?" bfl: "my ring! that is my ring. im so happy someone found it you have no idea ive been looking everywhere for it" i just fucking laugh, the nerve of this woman! i mean i guess it takes some balls to claim something like that. bfl "what is so funny? i want my ring or ill call the police!" i put my ring on. and let me note, this ring was bought from a private jeweler and a friend of the family in nyc(where my fiancee and i are from) and were 12hrs away from there...so this is not a case of similar looking rings, this lady is just a thief. however i decided to have some fun. in my sweetest tone i say me "do you have a picture of you with the ring? i cant just give it to you because you say its yours" bfl "well my phone is dead so i cant show you but that is my ring" shes pointing at my hand me: "whats the inscription on the inside say?"(theres no inscription on my ring) bfl "it says forever on it" me: "uh huh..." i stare at her, holding back laughter. bfl "well? can i have it now?" now im just angry me: "lady how god damn dumb do you think i am? this is my ring. a ring my fiancee got for me. it came off my finger, and thats where its staying." bfl "are you calling me a liar?? youre just trying to steal my ring" me: "lady we both know youre a fucking liar. drop the fucking charade. get out of my store. that or ill call the police and they can decide whos ring it is and whos going down for attempted robbery"(i have no idea if if she could be charged, theft by deception maybe?) i picked up the phone and by the time i hit 9, she was out the door. she drove over the grassy median between my store and the freeway and sped off. she had left $80 on her account which i split between the customers, a bunch of nice older ladies, for having to listen to me curse and yell, she has also been permanently banned(duh) tl:dr: liar lady attempts to steal my engagement ring by claiming its hers. i laugh in her face. long post, tl:dr at the bottom i've been working in a large retail company for the past 5 years or so, over the time i've had a lot of scenarios where "the customer is always right" when they are absolutely not. this is one of them. i should preface this by saying the company i work for has a policy of in-store credit for returns without a receipt. if you have the initial receipt you can cash out the voucher if you cant find anything, but without that receipt it is exchange only. whilst it's usually used instantly to replace an item, the customer has a 6 month window to spend their credit, which is usually enough time, given we sell everything from apparel to homeware to confectionary to toys. after that time the note is nullified and cannot be used in a transaction and we have no means to override that. earlier this week i was placed on registers, during a weekday it can be pretty quiet, mostly stay-at-home parents and elderly, i probably served 3 people every 10 minutes or so for the majority of my shift. i had a middle aged lady walk to my register and without being able to get a word in, she slammed her item (a bag of chocolate coated liquorice) onto the counter. i proceeded with the standard "how are you doing today? did you find everything you needed? have you got a loyalty/rewards card with us?" speech, and was warmly greeted with a "i'm paying with this", waving a $95 credit note in my face. a little weird for a $1 bag of chocolate, but no big deal, she'll just have $94 left on the credit note. i scan it through and complete the transaction. i then notice that the credit note says that it expires in two days. me: "i should probably tell you, this is going to expire in a few days. if you want, you can go and find something worth $94 and refund it back to give you another voucher?" customer: "why would i do that? i've just bought something with this so i have another 6 months to use it all" me: "no.. that isn't how it works. you have 6 months from when you returned items for the credit note, spending a portion of it won't extend that time" customer: "i know what i'm talking about i've done this before at this store!" i figured she may be right, so i quickly confirmed it with my supervisor who told the customer and myself that there is no extension and the remaining balance will expire. the customer at this point was getting louder and more aggravated, and started telling us both that she knows what she is talking about. me: "are you sure you dont want to just grab any items and we can do a quick purchase and refund, that way you dont lose your store credit?" (not exactly something we should do or usually offer, but it's a fair amount of money about to go to waste so we tend to make exceptions on that) customer: "fine, refund the chocolates then" me: "that... that's not how it works" customer: "you said that you can just do a refund! refund the chocolates" me: "all that will do is give you a $1 voucher that expires in 6 months, you'll still have $94 on the other that expires in a few days" customer: "i dont care i know what i'm talking about! just refund the choclates!" at this point my supervisor and i shared a look of disbelief that somebody could be that confused, and told me that i should just do the refund like the customer has asked. so i did - i gave the lady a $1 voucher and told her to have a lovely day, all the while reminding her that her other voucher is still close to becoming worth less than the ink on the paper. she left the store calling me useless, not the best insult i've had this past fortnight. cue todays shift. i was fortunate enough to serve the lady again, who was a lot more pleasant today. this time buying a near trolley load of clothes which, funnily enough, totalled to $95. she handed me two credit notes. i couldn't help but let out a quick smile and chuckle to myself. i looked at them and there was a $1 note, and a now expired $94. i scanned the $1 first, which went through fine, scanned the $94, which immediately prompted on the screen "expired - cannot process". i knew that from here the pleasant transaction would turn. me: "unfortunately i cannot put this one through because it has expired" customer: "what do you mean!? i was here earlier this week and i used it so i have another 6 months" me: "i did tell you that it doesn't work that way, and i tried to have you quickly purchase something so we could refund you another credit note. there is nothing i can do now that it is expired" customers: "where is your supervisor i want to speak to them!" so i call my supervisor over, who is luckily the same person as my first shift, and remembers how everything went the first time. after being shouted at for what seemed like 60 seconds, my supervisor calmly says "maam, we explained to you earlier that the voucher will expire and that you had an opportunity to receive a new note. you told us you knew what you were talking about, and now there is nothing that we can do. the credit note is null and void, you need to pay for the rest of the transaction or leave and get your $1 credit note back" the lady shouted several obcenities in our direction before leaving the store, without her $1 credit note. she lost $95. there is always one person that thinks they know the job better than those who work it. there is only so much so can offer to those people before i let them have their way. even if it's wrong. tl:dr - customer had expiring credit note, gave her option to purchase/refund an item for a new credit note, didn't take it and loses $95this happened many months ago but i just discovered this sub. in the shop i worked there's two tills. as we all have to be accountable for our tills only one can use the lotto till. i was on the one without it which has a sign saying "no lotto at this till" this tool walks in and shoves a load of lotto slips at me. i politely say &gt;"sorry lotto is just through the other till" gives me a filthy look and goes to stand behind the one person who is being served. keeps throwing me dirty looks. another customer walks in. the tool sees him and says &gt;"hi hows you kit?". kit goes &gt;"grand hows you pat?" tool &gt;" grand you go on over there cos that fecking one refused to do my lotto, the lazy bitch" kit &gt;" thats my daughter you just called a bitch." tool face falls and he looks sheepish and smiles apologetically. my da continues on. &gt;"did ya not see the fucking sign? geez skeletoninurcloset do you have to deal with ignorants fucks like this all day???" tool tries to talk to my da but is told to fuck off. i love my daso there was this terrible cashier at a grocery store i worked at. not work ethic, he always showed up on time, volunteered to work more hours. he was just a bad cashier. 16 years old, had been hired to bag groceries for some reason they decided to make him a cashier. when they were training him he could never run the checks properly, every single time he'd end up having to grab another cashier or a manager to finish the transaction. xenu forbid that the receipt tape run out, that would be a complete fiasco with him fiddling with the paper until someone with the bare minimum of patience would show up and push him out of the way to do it properly. he would freeze when confronted, there was a big biker dude who didn't appreciate only getting $1.50 back for his $3.50 pack of cigarettes. the biker may have been high/drunk i wasn't really paying attention, but the cashier just stood there while the guy flipped out. the store manager came to the front and tossed the guy out of the store without the smokes. if this dumbass cashier could manage to explain how math works that situation could have been handled much better. his tills were always over. don't know how hard it is to make correct change when their is a screen showing you the exact amount to hand over. then one day he got so stressed out by the line he accidentally gave away a full grocery cart away. the people tried to pay and he said that they already had. the managers finally figured out that this simpleton might not be cashier material and sent him back to bagging. also, this cashier was me. i had jobs after that i used registers and never had issues. grocery store lines frazzled my young nerves along with counting tills damn money.i started my sunday shift at 11, so i walked in the main entrance at quarter to, my uniform covered by my coat. in front of me is the largest dude i've ever seen - six feet seven at least and built like he's competing for world's strongest man or something. he's carrying a fridge, and it's as tall as me. yes, this genius has just stolen a fridge, and is hurrying out of the store with it. now, when i say i saw this dude, it was at the last second, as he ran straight into me, sent me sprawling, and then tripped over me and smashed his newly stolen domestic appliance on the car park. i was out cold. six hours later i'm out of hospital (corporate policy) and have absolutely no idea of anything leading up to waking up in a hospital bed. apparently, i gave a full description of the guy to the police, my name and address, and apologised to my boss for not making it in to work on time. but seriously, who grabs a fridge that's as tall as i am, and runs out of the store with it?i'm a manager for a high volume national drug store chain. i usually can quell any disagreements at the register fairly easily when wearing my shirt and tie. once a week on our truck day, i ditch the shirt and tie and opt in for the more comfortable (drug store) shirt. people are so much more combative, dismissive, and much more likely to not even acknowledge me in aisles upon me greeting them. given the current retail climate of "get your scores up or you're in deep trouble", i've found it has helped me tremendously when dealing with low survey scores to not immediately point the finger of blame at my colleagues, but rather acknowledge that sometimes a person just can't be reasonably pleased. i wish more managers would do the same and work on the front lines a little more, i have found the experiences invaluable in my growth.hello tfr, i work in an internet cafe which is basically legal computer gambling under the guise of buying internet time. you get to play slot machine like games on a computer and are able to redeem the points for cash. now there are some people who dont always take the money they win off, and leave it up there for the next time they come in and play. i typically recommend they take it off anyway in the event someone gets a hold of their log-on info (an 8 digit pin code) and plays their money. this is where the trouble starts. a woman left $18 on her account to play at a later date(i wasnt there for this). a month later she comes in to play gives me $2 and asks me to move the $18 from the redeemable space on her account to the playable space(you get an extra $5 when you put $20 on). i inform her that she has exactly $0 on her account. i start going through receipts looking to see if anyone redeemed her $18, nope. i then ask her if its possible someone got her pin code(many leave it at their computer when they leave for anyone to find) she(im naming her straws) starts flipping out. straws: "no i did not leave it, someone mustve stolen it" me: "i mean, i believe you that you left it up there but its not here. i was just trying to see-" straws: "it **has** to be up there are you lying to me?" me: "no of course not, you can see right here its zero. listen, im really sorry its missing but i can put $10 on your account thats the maximum im allowed to give in a situation like this" straws gets on her phone to confirm with the friends she came in with last time that she did indeed leave it up there. as shes doing this my awesome manager(am) comes in. i quickly explain the situation to him. he was about to pull $8 out of his own pocket when she came back up to my register. straws: "i knew it kate remembers, that other guy who works here mustve stolen it" am: "ma'm i can assure you that my employee did not steal anything from you, princess _honey_bunny explained everything, she put $10 on your account and im going to-" straws: "i dont give a fuck about $10, what am i going to do with that. dont you realize? i cant afford to lose $8! i need to pay bills you know" with this little explosion of anger she bats a container straws off the counter onto the floor then kicks it making like 200 straws go flying around the store. i truly expected my manager to be mad, but he just starts laughing, laughing so hard he can barely catch his breath. hes got tears in his eyes, and hes doubled over laughing. straws is just staring in disbelief, and honestly so am i. when he finally catches his breath... am: "lady, youre tellin me you cant afford to lose 8 bucks but youre in here gambling? you must have some messed up priorities then" he just continues to chuckle to to himself am: "ill tell you what, ill give you $20 to leave my store and never come back" he threw $20 on the counter and walked off towards the office still laughing to himself. straws didnt even take the money she just bolted towards the door, as red as someone could get without their head popping off. when am came back from the office, still wiping his eyes of tears he gave me the $20 for dealing with that mess. this is why im picking up 200 straws today. tl;dr: lady blows her lid over $8, im playing pick-up-sticks with the aftermath. edit: according to my co-worker who i just received a call from, straws is currently in the building as of 11:30pm and trying to apologize for her behavior earlier today...and also get that $20 she left... unfortunately the banned list is written in permanent marker and im just way to lazy to rewrite i :] so i work the register for a fast food chain. about a month ago i was put on 8am to 4pm shift, which i dreaded because lunch was super fucking busy at our branch due to it being located next to a shopping center *and* a middle school anyway, i've been hating life since the new shift because of the non stop abuse from rude customers and parents who think they own you with their spoiled little brats who throw tantrums when the toys in the kids meal that they want aren't available. but what gets me the most is these asshole high schoolers that come up, order a kids meal and try to draw a reaction from me like they want me to go"wut lol, a kids meal but you're not a kid, this is so random lolol." i hide my rage with a deadpan mask. ain't giving them the satisfaction. i treat it like any other transaction because it really isn't funny to anyone but them and the friends who watch them do it. but this story's not about them. today, as my shift was ending, it was particularly quiet. one kid comes in and he looks probably 16 or 17. wasn't sure at first cuz he was pretty tall but the skinny body and acne was a giveaway of his youth. he comes up and asks for the kids meal and asks for a specific toy (one of the birds from rio 2) in my mind i go "ugh, another one of these" but something was not right. there wasn't a group of snickering friends behind him or any trace of trolling in his face. so i ring it up, he gets his order and goes to sit and i think nothing more of it. i was staying overtime and there were only about 5 tables occupied so i decided to start clearing up some of the messier ones. i notice the skinny guy is sitting in the corner booth staring at his phone and not touching the meal. i get closer to him as i clean up each table and when i'm next to him i can't help but notice that he's crying. not like sobbing or anything but his face was flushed bright red and he's constantly wiping tears and snot off his face between fiddling his phone. now i don't have a bleeding heart for strangers but this guy looks really helpless so i ask him what's up. just so you know, i am absolute shit at comforting people so this was roughly our back and forth &gt;me: hey, are you alright? &gt;him: no. &gt;me: was your meal... uh, not satisfactory? &gt;him: i was supposed to meet my sister here. it's her birthday and i wanted to give her this bluebird (forgot the name) because she loves this movie. &gt;me: aw, that sucks man. yeah, being stood up is never fun. it's alright, i'm sure you'll get another chance to give it to her. &gt;him: our parents are separate and they're keeping us apart. we meet here some days because she walks home from [nearby primary school] and her mom doesn't want her to see me or my dad. \*incoherent mumbling* drive all the way here on her birthday. &gt;me: sorry, man. listen, you're a great guy and i hate to see you down on your luck. anything i can do to help? he keeps on and on about he's texting her and apparently his sisters mom found out they've been meeting secretly and decided to drive her to and from school so she doesn't get another chance. from what i gather, it's his step sister because he never refers to the mother as mom - always *her* mom. and he says that he and *his* dad are trying to keep in touch but the mom is having none of it. what a mess. i ponder asking him to describe her to me so i could maybe give her the toy if i ever see her (we get a lot of students from that school) but i did not like the idea of approaching grade 6 schoolgirls in the off chance that i'd find the sister so i could try give her a toy as a favor her brother asked me, like that's not totally creepy. i'm already a minimum wage earning loser that has no social life, i'm not going to be pegged as a pedophile too. i sat with him for a while and he tells me about how they always got along and their parents used them as pawns in their sham of a marriage and he and his sister always felt like they only had each other. like i said, i'm shit at comforting people so all i could ask was if he had anyone to talk to about it, because i sure as hell wouldn't be able to help much. he says no and i end up giving him my mobile number and getting back to work because my super was giving me the death glare of "why the fuck are you sitting down with a customer" and i think that if i can help this guy even a little bit, it could make a world of difference. i tell him to text me if he ever needs someone to talk to. 3 hours since i got off my shift and i still haven't heard from him. i'm sorry if this is a downer. i realize as i'm typing this that there really isn't an ending here. but today i realized how trivial my misery was. just working at a fast food chain is shitty in itself, but it's a situation i put myself in. (didn't do well in school, half-assed attitude in college, having no ambition) but this fucking kid is in a world of hurt and he doesn't deserve *any* of it. i lurk this sub a lot and i often see posts about being depressed or feeling like shit because of their job, but in the end it's *just a job.* you can quit, you can try to do better. it's not like this guy, who has family life crumbling right before him. i'm lucky to have my parents to call or my brother when i feel like venting out the misery of my job but what do you do when you're *life* is miserable instead of just your job? that was a lot longer than i wanted it to be. just a lot of thoughts circulating my head right now. definitely going to call my parents tonight. thanks for reading. edit: glad this is getting through to a lot of people. i was just happy to get this out of my system. edit 2: please don't take the self depreciation in my words too seriously, i am really okay and this recent event has given me a wake up call. but still thanks for all the encouragment. **edit 3:** thank you for the gold and all the responses. currently at work and i'm on my break but i'll read all the replies when i get home later. **edit~:** double gold, wow! thanks so much! by the way it's totally normal for older people to have kiddie meals, it's just annoying when some of them make a big deal out of it or are obviously trying to grab attention by doing so. i'm not judging anyone by their fast food choices. people asking for updates: there are none. but i will remember to post it here if he does text me. **edit~:** last night he finally texted. i don't feel comfortable sharing anything more because it's getting really personal, and i am investing quite a bit of my feelings into this too. but just wanted to let you guys know that he's probably going to be ok. thanks again for the unbelievable support, this will be my final update. 15/08/14hi! so this actually happened many years ago. i was reading some of the stories on this sub and was reminded about the nice employee who basically payed for $10.00 of my purchase for free. i was young. maybe 9-10 years old. i'm not even sure how long ago this was. i had saved every little penny i got until i had roughly $180. when i went into the store i had a mission. i knew i was going to buy a ds lite. i was saving up for it for soo long! my mom didn't really support buying anything related to games so i left my mom somewhere in the store and went over to the electronics section. i walked up nervously to the store clerk and asked for a ds lite. thinking back on it i have to applaud him for treating me like any other customer instead of looking down on me because i was young. he politely went over to the case with the game systems and brought a ds lite over. he rang it up like normal and then waited patiently while i took out all of the crumbled wads of cash to pay for it. after counting all of my money i found that with the added tax the price of the ds was more than i had. i probably had the most disappointed look on my face because he took the money and took out his own wallet and payed for the remaining $9 and some odd cents. i can't forget the joy i felt when he did that for me. if you read this, store clerk, thank you for then. a little over a decade ago, i worked in the limousine business driving clients on the weekends. i have many stories that range from strange to horrible and others being outrageously awesome. this is one of my more humorous /facepalm ones. i pick up richceo from his house in an upscale part of the city. i've already driven this guy earlier in the year and he likes to impress the ladies. he's a bit of a sexist pig imho and i know what to expect from him and how he talks about women in general. my instructions are to pick him up, pick up his lady friend at her place, drive to a gala and then [open] until his 5 hours are up. this unscheduled part of the evening is unusual but not uncommon for a regular client who's used us before. lady friend (lf) is rather attractive and dressed to the nines in her slinky thigh-high dress and done up hair. nothing out of the ordinary happens as i drop them off, wait around the corner and grab a bite to eat. i pick them up at hour 3 or so and richceo wants me to "drive around town for a bit" before heading home. he rolls the partition up and i'm good with not having to make further contact. i know the best streets to cruise around so i'm driving around with no destination in mind. some time has past and i'm not thinking about anything in particular when i *feel* the limo start to bounce. what people do in limo's is not my business but its still funny when stuff like this starts. everyone in the back always thinks they are going about this act un-noticed. "*tee-hee, we won't be caught!*" sorry, drivers know.. every single time it happens. when your car is bouncing slightly, its a red flag that the people in the back are bumping uglies. we are just discreet enough not to let on we know. first rule of the limo club. don't talk about the sex they just had. limos have extra dark tint on the windows that have a one way mirror effect from the outside. the clients can see out but you can't see in. richceo and lf are going at it softly at first but seeing as how they are getting into it, being discreet isn't their focus. i'm traveling surface streets so stoplights are frequent every few minutes. while i'm moving, nothing appears out of the ordinary. come to a completely stop however, it [quite obvious something is happening in the back]( i'm in the far right lane and i notice a cop car pulls up to me on the left. i normally don't give them much notice but i glanced over and found them both 90* neck turned in my direction. i fully look over and they have this "whhhaaaat the hell?!?!?" expressions across their faces. i am just smiling and shaking my head with that, "hey, its none of my business" look. the light turns and we go another block or so and the cops are keeping pace. what richceo and lf are doing is not something the cops can legally pull me over for but i can tell they are up to something. i pull up to another stop light and the building off to the right that i'm in front of has mirrored glass windows. the cops are on my left but have pulled back a bit so their doors and **[spotlight]( are next to the middle of the limo. i'm at a loss as to what they are doing but what happens next has me doubled over with controlled laughter. they douse the spotlight at the dark tinted windows of the limo and it shines through the vehicle hitting the mirrored building behind it and bouncing back. both sides now have light and this is basically illuminates the entire inside of the limo. the tint becomes completely ineffective as if looking through normal glass. the cops can see everything perfectly as richceo and lf are frozen mid-thrust. i look over at the mirrored reflection of the building and see the colored silhouette and topless form of lf scrambling to find cover and i hear "ohh \*\*\*\*!!!" coming from the back. the cops use the loudspeaker, "**please put your clothes back on**" and i can tell the both officers are laughing their asses off as i look in the driverside mirror. i'm fighting back stifled laughter as the two back are frantic to find their clothes. the cop car slowly forward and i smile/salute them as they pass. and yes.. before you can think of a pun for this story, the dude was copblocked. **tl;dr - driving clients who decide to have sex in the back. cops notice the bouncing limo and shine a spotlight on them forcing them to stop and hide mid-thrust.** \*edit: clarification and *speeling* i mentioned i once had nearly an entire 40 person staff quit, and as promised here is the story. (names and a few details changed for everyone's protection) for setup, i had been hired on as an acting store manager. basically, for an entire six state region, i'd fill in whenever a manager was out of the store for longer than 48 hours (vacation, sickness, maternity, etc). we were basically substitute teachers of the retail world. this was only temporary, and when a store manager position opened up, i could step in with zero probation period. there were three of us in this role. i was the first hire of a rather ambitious new district manager, callie. i interviewed her third or fourth day in the job and she was psyched about everything in the company, and talked at length about her plans. of course, all this ambition meant she bit off more than she could chew, and within six weeks she was burning out. callie had originally planned to visit every store in her district over her first three months. but according to rumor the previous dm, knowing he was retiring, had sort of slacked off so all the stores had issues one way or another. she ended up spending far more time at each location than she wanted. which is why she hadn't made it to this one store (i'll call it store 333) at all. so callie sends an email that she's heading down to check up on them just before she leaves, a semi surprise visit. we get an email not long after, saying that she needs an acting store manager there asap, asking for one of the two of us who were free, victoria and i. not five minutes later there's a revision. she needs both victoria and i. so knowing we're heading in to disaster, we each drive four hours to the store. walking in the place is a mess. not just normal retail mess, but actual dirty windows, literal dirt caked in the corners of the floor, burnt out bulbs, etc. callie is just sitting at the manager's desk looking like someone hit her with a brick. she tells us that she walked in, and the previous store manager, jane, handed her her resignation and walked out. the only full time employee was gone, too. and there was a lot wrong with the store. so victoria and i take over registers, finish out the day, and then the part timer hands in her name tag and says she quits. this was, sadly, just the start of it. that night we literally spent the entire night at the store. i can't tell you what order we found out the mess there, but over the next few days, it all unfolded. the old system in place wasn't really integrated between cash registers and accounting, and there was a step in there where managers would transcribe numbers. it seemed that jane had been faking the numbers for cash. oh, and the last four deposits? disappeared. never taken to the bank, and nowhere in the safe. plus, there were these mysterious bins in the front with heavily discounted "manager sale" items, marked as cash sale only. we puzzled over this for a while before finding that occasionally jane would mark shipments as coming in damaged and unsaleable. items which mysteriously were the same as those in the bins. so, cash fraud. great. then the next morning, none of the morning staff showed up. victoria and i are running the store solo for a while, while callie sat in the manager's office shifting through paperwork trying to figure out all that was wrong with the store. an employee shows up, but just to hand in their badge and tell us to stick it up our asses. one of the weird things we had noticed was that there were far more people staffed for this store than made sense. jane had one full time employee, then a ton of part timers, mostly each only working 4 hours a week. this didn't seem the weirdest thing about the store, but we later suspected she wouldn't have anyone there long enough to figure out things were shady. almost all of those employees were high school kids, or people who were there to earn spending cash rather than a living. none of them were really invested in the job. when we finally had an employee show up, she tells us the full time employee had called her and fed her this line about how jane (who apparently was very well liked by the staff) had been cruelly fired, corporate was screwing them over and how they need to make a stand. if all of them quit the store would go under and they'd benefit...somehow. apparently a really good number of them decided the statement was worth more than the job and had decided to quit. callie ends up telling me to call the entire staff one by one and asking if they planned to continue employment. i spent an hour with everything from slammed phones to cursing to lame excuses. most talked about how they hated our corporate who was mean. and a few mentioned how corporate wouldn't even give them their bonuses. what? now end of year/christmas time, all employees who had worked more than six months would get a visa gift card, value dependant on number of hours worked. i hadn't heard of any problems. neither had callie, who forwarded it on to accounting. meanwhile, knowing that we had basically no one to work the store, we sent out an email to the closest stores. if they could spare a few employees, we would pay for their transportation, meals while working, if travel was more than an hour we'd pay for a hotel room, and they would have a 50 hour week at double normal pay. this was during summer when there were a lot of college kids, so people jumped at it. by close, we had locked in about 12 people from 6 or 7 different stores to work staring the next day, and staying for at least 2 weeks. this in addition to the 4 or 5 part timers who hadn't quit on us. meanwhile, all day its calls from corporate, from the corporate lawyers, etc to callie, who looks like she's ready to cry. we get word corporate is sending two representatives into town. again, my timeline isn't entirely straight here, but in the next days callie finds out that all the bonuses were given out, sent to the store signature required. all appeared to be redeemed. then later i heard all were redeemed at the same walmat... oh yeah. jane had stolen from her adoring employees. we later heard from the next door sub place that just before callie showed up, jane and the full time employee had been loading boxes in their car our of the store. wait "thier" car? oh yes. the two were dating! and who knows what they had just stolen. we also found over the next days that inventory was just a nonexistant thing. according to the system, we had more negative quantities than positives, and none of our stock was made from anti matter. we task a few employees to re inventory the store headed by victoria, while i handle store operations and hiring a new staff. she finds out that there's just boxes of stuff everywhere, tucked in nonsensical places, still in packing boxes, mixed in illogically. inventory was this nearly impossible thing as they kept finding stuff. a box in the bathroom. shipping boxes stacked in the backroom, used as a table. a box stuck up in the damn ceiling tiles, found by the electrician. i'm trying to retrain the old part timers, meanwhile. some realized they needed to basically erase how the store was run and start over. others insisted that "this is how its always been done!". like layaway. our company didn't do layaway. we never did layaway. apparently jane did layaway, but that's wrong, and i have no way of verifying what those customers spent. (lots of confusion, and issues forwarded to corporate). one or two employees just had to be let go because they insisted doing things "jane's way". the backroom had been a mess, and i was sparing man hours just to clean. cleaning up back there, they found a door that had been covered with empty boxes. it was locked and victoria and i were debating whether it was "ours" or lead to the adjoining store somehow. then one of the part timers chimed in something along the lines that "that's the trash room, they locked it up when it got full." now, that employee was high school aged and i think this was her first job, and she said it like this was a sane and logical comment. as though every business had a full trash room. so not really wanting to know the answer, i asked what a trash room consisted of. apparently, if it was raining, or they didn't want to go out to the dumpster, they'd just throw their trash in there. callie had just sat down with the corporate guy when i walked up to the office and informed them of this. they both just stared at me like i shit in their cheerios. a locksmith was called in to open the door, and we found a 15 ft x 15 ft room chest high full of boxes and trash bags and stuff. the only saving grace was it was closed up long enough to be not fresh garbage smell, but old musty garbage. at any given point over the next few days we would have an employee wearing gloves and digging through it --a bag of receipts, kept for evidence. a bag of trash from the bathroom. a box of unopened merchandise, covered in fluids leaked from a questionable bag that may have contained food at some point. inexplicably a busted up bicycle. the employees would come up shell shocked on break describing the weird horrors they found. all this time, i'm hiring a whole new staff. normally, we did background checks and a lengthy interview. this was shortened to my fifteen minute judgement calls on someone and "can you start training tomorrow?". as far as the thefts, etc, i can't tell you the end conclusion. callie and the corporate guy kept that bottled up, but there were lots of calls to the lawyer. but the end result was that store needed a new manager! someone who could finish training the random new hires, handle the pissed off customers who suddenly saw their store turned upside down, handle inventory, and of course, the angry ex employees. thankfully they picked victoria, and i went to my next, less stressful assignment.sort of. so, today was insane. i had an 8 hour shift, and spent about 45 minutes not on the register, 30 of those minutes being my break. it was crazy. having last minute shoppers always breeds rude ass people. i had this young guy in my line. he comes up, i say hello, he ignores me. i ask how he is, he ignores me. i ask if he has a store card, he gives me a short and rude "no". okay then. he's paying in cash and takes out his money to pay. he's counting out the last of his bills and i politely hold my hand out to take it. he pauses, looks at my hand, and throws the money onto the counter at me. yeah, probably one of the things i hate most that customers do. it's just so effing rude. especially when i'm holding my hand out and you look right at it and still act like a jackass. okay then buddy. call me a jerk for this move but i have no regrets. this guy is getting 98 cents back in change. i print out his receipt, slap it down on the counter, and he holds his hand out for the change. ...so naturally, i drop his change onto his receipt, smile, and say "have a nice day!" his face flushes with embarrassment and he mumbles a thank you. he spends about half a minute red faced and picking up his change. he won't look at me. i felt a little bad afterwards but like, come on. you saw my hand. you decided to be rude anyway. so enjoy me being rude back while still smiling at you. maybe next time he'll be nicer to the cashier. merry christmas.this happened yesterday during a quite busy shift where i was solo on the csd. i had two customers in my line, one i'll call 'refunds nightmare lady' or rnl and the other i'll call 'mr nice guy' (mng). to cut a long story short, the rn wanted four refunds doing (why she hadnt done them before i don't know) and i knew i was in for some fun. now our returns policy means that if you pay by card, any refund will be put on the same card. this is printed on the receipts and is also displayed in store. the first two refunds, no problem, they went through straight away. but even though i was working as fast as i could, rnl was massively impatient. she kept making comments like 'i can't believe this takes so long, i've got to pick kids up from school soon!' and other similarly annoying remarks. i gritted my teeth and kept quiet, apologising to mng in the process. then came the last refund. this is where it went wrong. the rnl didn't have the card for one of the refunds, so i'd had to give her store credit vouchers for that. i suggested to her that as she was doing this refund and buying items which would add up to just over the balance of her store credit voucher, she could use this towards the balance and then pay a tiny difference of something like £1. she seemed happy to do this and so i did my bit with the refund, put the new items though and then tried to scan the voucher through to adjust the balance. it didn't work, and regardless of what i did to see if it would work (typing in the voucher number manually, different scanner angles, even lying the voucher completely flat on the counter top and then scanning it to see if it was due to the paper curving). nothing worked and the rnl began kicking off, saying i was terrible at customer service, how this shop was terrible and all the usual stuff. eventually she decided to use a credit card, paid and left. i was just glad she was gone. i then started serving mng whose query, thank &lt;deity of choice&gt;, was really easy. i apologised profusely for the wait and he was seemingly perfectly cheery about the whole thing, waving my apology away. then he asked: &gt;i want to speak to your manager. at this point i was panicking as i couldn't think why he'd want to do this. i was really hoping it wasn't something i'd done. i phoned the manager, who was at the back of the store helping out with a delivery, and she told me to send him down her way and she'd speak to him. 5min later, and i got a call to my internal phone, asking if i could come down to the desk. i got cover for the desk and went down, panicking about whether it was some sort of disciplinary (usually the manager doesn't call you like this unless it's something wrong). when i went down, the man and my supervisor were sat at the desk. when the man saw me, he got up, pointed to me and said to my manager "look, you've got a damn good cashier here, she's got the patience of a saint. i know i wouldn't have been able to do what she did with that woman". turns out the man had been singing my praises about how i dealt with rnl, saying how professional and calm i'd been. it made for a euphoric rest of my shift for both me and my manager. :) long time reader, first time poster, blah, blah, blah. it’s long so feel free to ignore. i have always lived in the city, but moved to a very small rural town last year. lots of farms, ranches, and woods. i’m actually growing to love it. except for the community of rich, entitled people who come down on the weekends. thankfully i do not work in customer service in any form so my contact with them is minimal. i’ve had two very memorable encounters at the same grocery store, both with the same amazing witness. first one – i was shopping on a friday afternoon a few months ago, stocking up regular stuff as well as a planned party for my so’s coworkers so the total came to about $200. i had been helping bag everything as it was being rung up. the clerk finished, gave me the total, but before i could move, the woman in line behind me stomped forward, swiped her card, and punched in her pin then went back to yacking on her phone. i just stood there for a moment, looking at her. i finally said, “excuse me?” she cut this glare at me and turned away. so again, “excuse me?” and i get “i am on the phone, god some people are so rude!” *you want rude, bitch?* “i was just wondering why you paid for my groceries. not that i don’t really appreciate it.” her “what? i’m not paying for your shit! how dare you! what makes you think anyone would just pay for you?” me “well you just did ma’am. you swiped your card and paid for my groceries.” her “it doesn’t matter when i swipe the card during the transaction.” me “it does if she’s still ringing up my transaction!” and now we’ve got a problem. transaction is complete and yes, she has paid for my $200 groceries. she actually got off the phone at that point. we get a manager over to try to figure out what to do. they end up deciding for the manager to do a complete return of the groceries to her card and then ring them up again so i can pay. and cue the bitching. she’s in a hurry, her time is valuable, this is ridiculous. so i toss in, “lady at this point i could walk out the door. my groceries are paid for and this is a problem that you caused!” now the clerk had gone to another register and started ringing other customers. but there was a guy standing behind bitchy woman. he’s a solid 6’6 or more, just a huge guy. obvious biker. black leather, t-shirt, chains, you name it. when i said that, he cracked up laughing and said, “wow, you’re a cute thing but you are a little badass aren’t you?” the bitchy woman turned to him and said something about minding his own business. *that’s it lady, poke the grizzly bear. what could happen?* and this guy’s face went from laughing to scary in a second flat. he told her, “lady you need to just stand there quietly while they clean up the mess you made.” i don’t intimidate easily but even i was nervous. but then he smiled and winked at me. so the manager does the return and i chat with scary biker guy. he told me that he keeps telling his little girl that “it’s important to be polite, but it’s also important to stand up for yourself.” every time the bitch woman made a noise, like huffed or explosive sigh, he made this little sound almost like a growl. the clerk offered to check him out a few times, but he just stood there, arms crossed, a solid mountain of a man, talking to me. finally the return is done and the bitch has the nerve to ask, “so can i get checked out now? you are going to let me go first right?” i just said no and the manager started re-ringing my stuff. final dig – bitch started the *i am never shopping here again, do you know how much business you are going to lose?* i glanced over her items and said, “what thirty – thirty five dollars? oh my god they will have to lay off half their staff.” biker guy called me “little badass” again and went to the next lane to pay for his stuff. --------------------- i’ve run into this guy a few times. even met his wife and ‘little’ girl once (who’s not much younger than i am). he calls me ‘little badass’ every time. -------------------------------- then came today. i just needed a few things so i run in on my way home. i got to the store and there are signs everywhere. and i mean everywhere. both doors, all across the front windows, posted on several aisles, and on every register – cash only – computers not working, all purchases must be paid in cash. i’m good so i grab what i need and get in line (there were only two open). in front of me is an older woman with a cart full of stuff. everything is rung up and she whips out her checkbook. clerk - “uh, ma’am, you’ll need to pay cash, our computers aren’t working. there are signs.” woman – “i saw those signs, you can take a check, it’s the same thing.” and tried to hand the check to the clerk. clerk “ma’am i can’t take that. we can only take cash.” woman waved the check in the clerk’s face “just take it. it’s the same as cash.” and me “ma’am the only thing that’s the same as cash is cash.” woman “you stay out of this you filthy little bitch.” me “what the hell?” and enter biker guy and wife – “hey little badass i thought i heard your voice. how are you?” we chatted for a second and the woman is still shoving her check in the poor clerk’s face. me “lady seriously, you need to pay with cash. they cannot take a check. a check is not the same as cash.” woman turned, “look you…” caught sight of biker guy and slammed her mouth shut. glared for a second then says “so what would you suggest i do?” me “well there is a bank across the street, another about a half mile that way, another about that far that way. i would suggest you go get cash.” she grumbled and slammed things around… then pulled out a wad of cash with more than enough to pay for her shit. gave me one more glare and stomped out. biker guy “still the little badass i see. though i wish i’d called you little ass kicker.” biker’s wife “she won’t get that reference.” me “sure i do. it’s what daryl called the baby when she was born.” biker guy just roared and yanked open his jacket to show me his walking dead t shirt. we ended up in the parking lot for a half hour talking about last night’s episode and what we thought was coming next. -------------------------------- i should mention, with the first incident, i did think after i left the store that i could have gone to the atm and pulled the cash to pay the bitch. but i’m actually glad i didn’t think of that so that i got to ‘waste all her valuable time’. if you actually read all this, thanks, hope you got a laugh. and hope that the next bitch customer comes with a little badass and big ass biker dude. tl;dr – bikers are amazing, defenders of little badasses who stand up to bitchy customers. edit fixed the typo, they bug me, thanks for catching it! edit2. sorry for the walking dead spoiler, if anyone knows how to hide it please let me know. i didn't realize there were places that were so far behind us. and for those who went there, i have a boyfriend that i moved to the middle of nowhere with. and big ass biker guy has a daughter about my age, and a wife who is very nice, but is a big ass biker babe who could snap me in half. he's a great guy that i run into everywhere (small town) but mostly see at this store. thanks! ! so a few years back i was running a gas station inside a u.s. national park. gas station prices are always high, and tourism prices are even higher. snacks were pretty average, but if you needed a phone charger or jumper cables it was gonna be pretty pricey. but that's what you get for coming unprepared. so one day, i have two guys pull up in their pickup. middle-aged white executive types who seem used to people bending over backwards for them. they need gas and they need a gas can so they can take a fillup back to their generator down at _______ creek. of course, the people who bring a generator to a remote campsite are my least favorite kind, but what can you do? i grab the can and they scoff when i ring it up and it's around $25. so they walk away and it's no skin off my nose. i'm happy to know their generator won't be running all night. about 5 minutes later they come back in and purchase a jug of windshield washer fluid. and then they start to pester my other customers, asking if they can fill up their windshield washer reservoirs. i'm getting suspicious... &gt;me: seriously? you're going to do that right in front of me? you have to know that's illegal. &gt;c: well we need something to put the gas in. &gt;me: yeah i can sell you a legal gas can. but using that container is illegal. it's so thin, the gas might eat through it on your way back. it's not safe for you or the park. &gt;c: it's my container now. i can use it however i need to. &gt;me: you can do whatever you'd like with your jug. good luck convincing me to sell you any gasoline. &gt;c: fine. we'll just take it somewhere else. &gt;me: of course sir. next gas station is 20 miles south over mt. ______. this was our favorite gag. all the stations are run by the same company and all the employees were pretty close. so whenever one of us had a difficult customer, who insisted on driving to the next station he/she would just call that station and give them a heads up. then whoever was working the next station would repeat the exact same conversation (using the exact same words if possible), and offer that they were welcome to check out the next station at wherever it was they just came from. but this guy wasn't having it... &gt;c: look we're just going to pour this out, and then we'll just put a little gas in it. it's no big deal. that is crazy illegal! we are in a national park! why did you come if you just want to run a generator and pour chemicals into the soil? but it's also just so funny because i know these guys have zero power in this situation. &gt;me in my most bored tone possible: sir, if you pour out chemicals onto federally protected land i will have to call the law enforcement rangers. their office is that building next door. i know what you're driving. i know where your staying. and i know that there is exactly one road that you could possibly be driving on for the next 30 minutes. you will be arrested or heavily fined, or both. you'll also be removed from the property, and will now have a federal record. &gt;c: fine we'll just return the fluid. &gt;me: i'm sorry, but we have a no return policy. enjoy your stay!this happened when i was visiting my hometown a while back. i went to my old store and saw a bunch of boots scattered all over the floor. being the nice person that i am i decided to pick up after the rude customers, one of whom i recognized. i was listening to an audiobook while doing this. mid way through my clean up the lady who i recognize comes up to me and taps me on my shoulder. i take off my headphones and she demands to speak to my manager. apparently she was trying to get my attention but i could not hear her over my audiobook. i was acting extremely unprofessionally by having my phone out. i explained i was actually cleaning up after customers like her who do not know how to clean up their own mess. oh, and i don't work here anymore.read a story earlier that reminded me. about 2 years ago i was working stacking shelves at a supermarket. we had large cages with stock on them that we use to break down the stock and stack the shelves. so i was in my aisle, stacking away when a man and his family (wife and 2 young girls) enterred the aisle behind me. the man proceed to say "get the f#@$ out of my way, stupid girl." i, being a good drone, smiled brainlessly, moved my cage and said "sorry sir". when suddenly... my guardian angel in the form of another customer came out from behind the rude man and said "excuse me, you apologise to this young lady right now! have you no shame? and in front of your kids too!" the man looked shocked and ashamed then apologised to me before scurrying off with his family. i thanked her, she told me i was allowed to stand up for myself, then went on her way. hooray for customers that will stand up against rude people!long time lurker, first time poster. i don't work retail currently, but i have in the past and most of my friends are in the service industry; thus, i have little tolerance for over-entitled asswipes giving guff to people who are just trying to get through their day and make a buck (and, my being in the us, not very many bucks at all). this past sunday morning, i found myself - regrettably - inside of fast food chain looking for some cheap greasy crap to get me through a wicked hangover. needless to say, i'm not in the best of sorts; however, i'm still able to eke out a smile for nice girl working the counter. she's super nice, gets my order down, jokes with me about liver abuse, shares a laugh. like i said, cool as all hell. i'm waiting for my nasty, beautiful cheese and bacon croissant when a tempest of bitchitude storms into the door. she's your typical tfr horror story: blonde, skinny, obviously wealthy, late 30's and, to cap it off, is sporting a giant cross around her wretched little neck. in the back of my head, i knew shit was about to get real. bitchface: "umm, yeah, i need another iced coffee. this one is too sweet." nice girl: "i'm so sorry, ma'am. these things happen. i'd be more than happy to help. wait: is that from our store?" bitchface: "no. i bought it at higher class fast-food joint in other state." (i live right near the border between two states) "just replace my coffee." nice girl: "of course, ma'am. that will be [whatever coffee costs]." bitchface: "i'm not paying for it. i told you to replace it." nice girl: "i'm sorry, ma'am. for one, it's not even from this chain, and two, even if it were, the franchise company which owns this chain in other state is different than the one in here in this state. i simply cannot give you free coffee. it's practically stealing. however, i will give you the senior discount on a new coffee." (wicked good customer service there, amirite?) bitchface slams the coffee cup down on the counter, spilling a little, proceeds to put her hand on her hips like a thirteen-year-old daddy's princess and stares at nice girl. nice girl: "ma'am..." bitchface: "i'm waiting for my coffee, you fat cow! give it to me! now! is there something about that you don't understand. maybe if you weren't a high-school dropout you would understand english better! i bet those [racial slur for hispanics] back there can understand me better than you." et cetera and soforth. nice girl appeared to be on the verge of tears. now, again, i'm hungover. hell, i'm probably still a little drunk at this point. i must have been, as that would explain what happened next. i snapped. stowsucks: "look, you f-ing c-nt! if there's a problem with understanding here, it's f-ing yours! it's not the same company! it's not even the same goddamn, motherf-ing state, you t-at!" bitchface: "don't use that language with me!" stowsucks: "what language? c-nt? c-nt, c-nt, c-nt, c-nt c-nt! now get the f-k out of this store and leave the girl alone, you c-nt." (yeah, i know, real mature on my end.) bitchface: "you need jesus." stowsucks: "your parents needed to have an abortion. unfortunately they were too f-ing stupid to get one, because here you are!" bitchface: "i'm so calling the police!" stowsux: "great. you can tell them i did this!" and here, dear readers, is where i made a somewhat poor life decision. not one that i regret, but very well could have regretted. i picked up her iced coffee, ripped the lid off, and splashed her nice, floral-patterned sunday church dress with the contents of the cup. stowsux: "there. how do you like your coffee now? leave." i grabbed my breakfast from the counter, walked out of the door calmly as a stunned nice girl and a wet-eyed bitchface watched me, then ran like hell for my motor scooter and rode off before bitchface could catch my licence plate number. hey, i can no longer wipe hamburger buns on my buns or spit in drinks, so i have to dispense justice on worker-abusing asshats somehow, right? tl;dr: never mess with fast-food workers. a fellow patron might be a little tipsy, take offense and ruin your day for doing so.during my college years, i managed an electronics store. we rarely had people nick our goods, but this pair made up for it. one fine saturday afternoon, a couple of guys walked into the store, and instantly read "shady". not just to me and the store owner, mind you, but to the civilians as well. one shopper came up to me out of kindness to let me know, and i nodded. the show began: one guy tried to distract me and the owner with questions about the latest computer on one side of the store - while the other, rather unstealthily, started stacking stereo equipment near the front door. pro tip: skulking and eye-darting is best left done to the pros. everyone is watching. the pair is oblivious to their obviousness. if i could have made popcorn for the audience, we'd have covered rent for the day. finally, the owner nodded me to the front. as the other guy was in the back preparing his next load, i had the pleasure of "noticing" the random pile of gear near the front, saying in a loud voice, &gt; "whatever are all these boxes doing here? i had better restock them!" and began moving them back. they left rather abruptly, to laughter and applause.i work in a cafe that brews a certain brand of coffee. although we carry that brand of coffee, we aren't that company. we buy it off them in large amounts, follow a certain procedure, sell it for their listing price, and make a profit. a little complicated, but not rocket science. every single day half of our customers try to use the coffee's gift cards. i explain, "i'm sorry we only accept gift cards for our cafe, not the brand of coffee we brew." usually the customer will notice the sign we have hanging on the register and say, "that's right, i forgot." or "oh, that's strange, but okay." or "oh, i'm sorry, just cancel our order then." yesterday i had a customer go insane over this policy. customer: "what's the difference? you get your money anyway!?" me: "no, i'm sorry. that gift card was purchased from that coffee company. we are not that company." customer: "well look at the signs everywhere! look at your cups!" me: "we do brew this coffee, but we are not owned by them. we purchase their product for sale." customer: "exactly! you have a contract! if you're working with the coffee company and sell their product you must take this gift card!" me: "no, ma'am, that's not how gift cards work. if you have a gift card for a restaurant, and that restaurant happens to sell frozen food in the super market, you can't use the restaurant gift card in the super market." customer: "look, i want to use this gift card." me: "we don't accept them, but you can try and swipe it if you'd like." she stood there and swiped four or five times. each time i would respond, "the computer says 'tender not approved'." customer: "well what does that mean!?" me: "it means we don't accept those gift cards." *edit: wow, this story got to the top of tfr! thanks guys!* another story from the shop of fabric, curtains and blinds. we have many regular customers, some lovely, some tedious, and a couple that are just horrible. it was one of those days where everything goes wrong and i'd had enough, when in walks this customer. now, little background. last time she came in (a few weeks ago), there was some altercation between her and a coworker, something about the price i think, the customer spat the dummy and vowed to never return to the store again (which was met with collective relief). so this grouchy old bitch (b) comes in and makes a beeline for me. right off the bat she's being a snobby cow. &gt;me: "good morning, anything i can help you with?" &gt;b: "are the new fabrics in yet?" (last time she was in i had mentioned that i believed the new fabrics would be coming in a couple of weeks.) &gt;me: "no, not yet, sorry!" &gt;b: "but last time you said they would be in in a couple of weeks. it's been a couple of weeks." &gt;me: "well i believed they would be in but they haven't come in our delivery yet..." &gt;b: "but *you said*, they'd be in. *you said* that." &gt;me: "yes i know, but i wasn't 100% sure, it's usually in by now but i guess it's running a little late." at this point she's following me around the store, raising her voice and jabbing me in the arm with her long, pointy fingernails every time she says "you said." i have had a bad day and everyone in the store want to see the back of this woman, so... &gt;b: "last time i was in here, *you said*..." &gt;me: "you know what? last time you were in here, *you said* you'd never return to this store again. so why don't you make good on that threat and piss off? there's the door, go use it." stunned silence. what a glorious moment. haven't seen her since and i got a pat on the back from the boss for ridding us of such a nuisance. **tl;dr if you threaten to never come back, don't be surprised if the reaction is a sigh of relief and a thank you.** *edit: since it's apparently of great interest to a lot of you, i'm australian :d 'spitting the dummy (pacifier)' means throwing a tantrum, and i'm happy to be a hero as long as i get a cool name and an awesome mask to protect my identity :p*so i worked at a gas station, once upon a time, and i was on break sitting behind the counter while my co-worker was on the till. it was a semi-busy day and since we were working in british columbia, we were just adjusting to the new law where people had to prepay for their gas before pumping it. sadly, different gas stations had different methods for this, so it could get a little confusing for customers. this guy came in, walked in front of the line and put his credit card on the counter, expecting us to turn on the pump for him while we kept his credit card as collateral, then started to leave to go pump gas. my co-worker called out for him to stop and come back for a second, then she explained that we actually needed to run his credit card through our machine before we could turn on the gas pump (because that's just how our computer system was programmed). she told him he would have to wait in line and prepay like the other customers were doing. this guy decides to take it personally and says "just turn on the damn pump!" and tosses his credit card at my co-worker. i get up off my stool, walk over to his credit card on the ground, stand up and fire it at him like a throw-star and loudly and firmly say "get out!" manager laughs, co-worker hugs me, man storms out, back to business as usual! moral of the story? don't mess with my co-workers.over the summer, i worked at a photography shop. here's an exchange that i had with a customer: (incredibly late californian walks into the store) **me:** hello. how can i help you today? **ilc:** i'd like to pick up an order that i dropped off. **me:** what name is it under? **ilc:** (tells me his name) i look through the shelf that we keep all of the completed orders on, and didn't find it. next, i check the counter in the back where we keep all of the large orders, and it wasn't there either. **me:** i'm sorry, but i can't find your order. when did you drop it off? **ilc:** january 2005. (i'm trying to resist laughing) **me:** what? we don't store orders for 8 years. you must have gotten a call about it when it was ready. **ilc:** i live in california, so i'm not in the northeast very often. i haven't been able to pick it up until now. (my boss steps in at this point) **boss:** we have an option to ship you your photos. why didn't you use that? **ilc:** you said that you'd hold it until i picked it up. **boss:** i would have expected you to pick it up in a few months. not 8 years later. **ilc:** why don't you still have it on file? **boss:** it's been 8 years! **ilc:** if you don't get me my order, i'm never shopping here again! **boss:** you live in california. you're never shopping here again anyway! (ilc looks angry and leaves.)working as an assistant manager in a clothing store, i have come across a lot of different people; from the mother teresas to the adolf hitlers of the world. and then there was this lady, who didn't just fly over the cuckoos nest, but hit the goddamn tree. i'm sitting in the back office of the shop on a rainy september day, doing the weekly administration, when the phone rings. **me:** good afternoon [shop name], this is [my name] speaking, how may i help you? **lady:** hello, yes, this is mrs. cuckoo speaking. *i cringe inwardly, because i know this lady. the type that comes in, wants to try on everything, leaving the place looking like a fucking tornado just tossed a farm at it, with nothing more than some item that was on sale.* **me:** hello mrs. cuckoo, what can i do for you? **lady:** well i bought this t-shirt from your shop a while back but it has holes in it! **me:** oh dear, i do apologize ma'am. if you could come by the shop with the item and the receipt, i am more than happy to give you a refund. **lady:** i don't want a refund. i want a new shirt. **me:** that is no problem at all ma'am. if you could just tell me the product number? it should be on the receipt. that way i can check if we still have one in stock or whether i have to order one for you. **lady:** i don't have the receipt anymore. i threw it away. *now i have to mention that we have a 14-day return policy. we normally don't take back items without a receipt, but fuck it, i was feeling generous, and haven't we all thrown out receipts we thought we'd never need at some point?* **me:** well we normally don't take items back without a receipt ma'am, but for you i will make an exception. the product name should also be on the little label on the inside of the shirt. could you read that out for me? **lady:** i cut out the label. **me:** oh dear. **lady:** well, it was all itchy after i washed it. **me:** after you washed it? **lady:** well yes, i washed it. took it with me on holiday, so of course i had to wash it when i got home. **me:** ma'am, when exactly did you buy this shirt from us? **lady:** somewhere in march, i think. why is that important? it has holes in it! **me:** ma'am, that was six months ago... **lady:** so? **me:** so you want me to replace a t-shirt you bought at our shop six months ago, don't have any receipt for, cut the label out of, put through the laundry and went on holiday with? **lady:** well, yes! *annoyed sigh.* **me:** ma'am, i can't do that. i am willing to make an exception if someone accidentally threw out the receipt, or if someone brings back an item a couple of days outside our 14-day return policy. i am not that difficult, really. but you can't expect me to take back an item that you have owned and worn for the last six months. **lady:** well why the hell not?! *because after this long a time, i don't know whether you haven't been white water rafting with it. or maybe you have a weird fetish for being covered in hungry rats. or perhaps you went on an expedition to the north pole and encountered some polar bears. what the hell do i know? it's not like our clothes are made of kevlar.* **me:** because it is well outside of our 14-day return limit and because it's been worn and washed ma'am. i'm sorry. **lady:** well this is just ridiculous! i am a paying customer at your store! i was very happy with this shirt, especially since it was half-priced, and now it's already ruined! **me:** well ma'am, it also states on all our receipts that all reduced items are non-returnable. **lady:** how am i supposed to know that?! i threw out the receipt! **me:** i understand ma'am. maybe next time you could keep it in a safe place? it is really quite handy to save your receipts to prevent unfortunate things like this from happening in the future. **lady:** don't tell me what to do! **me:** i'm sorry ma'am...i was merely suggesting... **lady:** are you suggesting that i'm stupid or something?! *yes. yes i am.* **me:** not at all ma'am! i have accidentally thrown out receipts in the past too. i understand this is something most people... **lady:** i am not most people! i am unique! there is only one like me in this world! *thank fuck for that!* **lady:** i will be calling your head office and file an official complaint! **me:** you do that ma'am. would you like for me to give you their telephone number? **lady:** fuck you! *hangs up* after that i sent a quick email to head office telling them about this woman, just in case she did decide to call. it somehow got forwarded to the big boss in denmark, who promptly changed his email signature to: [name] [company] ceo [phone number] [email] unique snowflake i never saw her in the shop again. **tl;dr** lady tries to return item she has owned for six months, then goes on to tell me she is most definitely not most people. i used to be a cashier, and whenever a customer used a card we had to ask for i.d., it was company policy and we got into huge trouble if we got caught neglecting it. i was working at the register next to my co-worker, sarah, and we had a huge line. to be clear, we sold tickets. this customer asks for about $200 in tickets. this almost never happens. the lady whips out her card and hands it to sarah, who asks to see some i.d. the look on this woman's face. you would have thought we slapped her. "i've never been asked for an i.d. before!" she shrieked. "i doubt that, ma'am, it's always been company policy," sarah responded. with a huff, the customer shoved her i.d. toward sarah... but the name on her i.d. didn't match the name on the card. sarah said so. the lady snatched her i.d. back, pulled out a second one and flicked it back at her.... that one didn't match either. this lady had four separate i.d.s with four different names (and the same photograph of her, by the way), none of which matched the name on the card. the lady demanded to see a manager, and i'm not sure what he said. though she did storm off in a huff. i imagine he told her that it was company policy and if she couldn't provide an i.d. for the card, she could take her business elsewhere. i'm still wondering why we didn't call the cops. **edit** to answer some questions: the manager on duty was 21 years old and the laziest dude i have ever worked with. i'm surprised he even spoke to her at all. i did not know he was the manager on duty at the time. the box office was very secluded and unless we needed to do a refund, the managers left us to our own devices. i was not the cashier who turned the matter over to the manager, sarah was. i assumed she told him to call the police at the time. i did not find out that the manager neglected to do so until the next day. as i said, she left in a huff, so the best he could have done would have been to send the cops after her. i didn't even fully see this woman's face, i only overheard the conversation. apparently it is illegal to ask for i.d. for certain credit/debit cards. this is news to me. if the company knew this, however, they didn't care. they were pretty neglectful of most things, including certain labor and equality laws. wow! thank you guys for all the feedback, here. that is super cool. this was back in my teenage years working at a froyo place. so this guy order a large froyo with toppings. i make the order for him and hand it over to my coworker in the toppings section. he was a nice guy, left a little tip in my tip jar, so i decided to be nice and i say to my coworker in korean. "give this guy lots of strawberries". the guy hears this and says "don't skim on my order i know chinese. i know you guys are always speaking chinese to rip customers off thinking we don't know what you're saying." lol what? this guy also had chinese letters as tattoos all over his neck and arms. didn't give the guy extra strawberries. i work at a coffee place, and some locations are also an ice cream place. i used to work for one that also sold ice cream, but it was entirely miserable so i transferred to exclusively coffee. anyway, our night shifts were hideously understaffed for how busy we were, especially during summer. we made our waffle cones in-store, and to make a full batch, that's basically one employee sat in front of the waffle cone maker doing exclusively that for one to two hours, helping customers if the store got busy, while the only other employee scheduled was doing...well, everything else in the store. so, oftentimes we didn't have time to make them, but we had two other types of cones. people still had a tendency to get really disproportionately angry about it, 'cause, y'know, customers. anyway. so this guy comes in, orders an ice cream in a waffle cone. my coworker and i apologize and tell him that unfortunately we're sold out and offer one of our other cones. dude stares blankly. &gt;dude: "you seriously don't have waffle cones? at an ice cream place? i want a waffle cone. what are you gonna do about it?" my coworker and i exchange oh-god-here-we-fucking-go looks and don't say anything for a moment, when the guy starts laughing. &gt;dude: "nah, i'm kidding, i'll take a sugar cone, no big deal. people don't actually get pissed about that, do they?" &gt;me: "actually, yeah, we've had people literally scream at us about it before." (indeed, the only customer who's ever made me cry in my three and a half years working retail was screaming at me about waffle cones.) &gt;dude: [incredulous look] "you're kidding. what the hell kind of sad life do you have when you have to throw a tantrum over ice cream?" i wanted to hug him.for the context, i work at a large clothing retail chain. i'm usually there most evenings and weekends, and i interact with every customer who crosses my path because it's in my job description to do so. in reality, like most of you, i fucking hate the condescending treatment and constant complaints i get from customers on the regular, and my mood improves 100x the minute i leave as i try to forget everything about it. oddly enough, i have three sweet, sweet days in a row off this week! like a long weekend ... from monday-wednesday. i feel almost human again. yesterday i was at the grocery store doing my weekly shopping after class. a middle-aged soccer-mom type of lady approaches me and asks "do you work at [store]?" not entirely sure how to respond, i say "yeeeesss..." with some confusion and trepidation in my voice. &gt; soccer mom: "great, i don't have time to go in today unless it's worth my while. what's the big sale today?" &gt; me: "um, i don't know. i'm not working today." &gt; soccer mom: "they don't announce the big sales to you before?" &gt; me: "no, and even if they did, it wouldn't matter because *i'm not working today.* you can call the store and ask, or check your email ..." i start sloooowly edging away toward the end of the produce section in the vain hopes of escaping this dedicated bargain hunter. &gt; soccer mom: "well you've been no help to me, good luck finding me coming back to your store! you've just lost a regular customer!" and stalks off. i added a bottle of wine to my grocery list after this exchange. moral of the story: if you work retail enough to be recognizable, always leave the house in a disguise. obligatory edit: thanks! it's my first time getting gilded!indy music store, back when they were viable. (possibly one of the best jobs retail birthed.) dad and young son storm the counter, pushing through two patient customers. *"i need to buy this now, i'm in a hurry."* "sure, mate. right after i serve these folks." *"no, i'm in a hurry."* "yeah ... well, we're kinda living in a society ... so i'm gonna have to ask you to wait." *"where's your manager?"* "... i'm the manager." *"well, i want to speak to the owner."* "dad? can we go." "ok, that's doable. but right now i'm serving these folks. yes, mate, can i get that for -" *"i am going to stand here until you get the owner."* "ok, here's how it's going to be. i am not selling you anything. you're disrupting my store. here's the owner's card. give him a call and tell him what arsehole i am. in the meantime, please leave. sorry about this folks. how would you like to pay -" *"i am going to stand here until you sell me this."* "dad, let's just go..." *"we're staying until we get the cd."* /ignore. serve more customers. /awkward. counter finally clears. more /ignore. i give in. "weren't you in a hurry?" *"sell me this..."* "nope." *"..."* dad leaves! son trailing behind looking embarrassed. i exhale, tell the other staff i'm having a smoke and head out front. dad's still loitering and looks all shocked and scared and starts to walk away quickly. *"how dare you try to fight me! in front of my son!"* he calls back while rapidly fleeing with a few bystanders staring like i'm some kind of monster...i was working cashier at my job when a very unattractive, middle aged obese white man with gray stubble and teeth that were waaaay too tiny for his mouth stepped up. i opened my mouth to greet him, but he spoke before i could say anything. "so i heard that [bakery/café where i work] only puts their prettiest girls on the cash register," he sneered. his rotting fish breath hit me in the face. "what can i get for you today sir?" "i'm not done talking to you yet. what do you think about what i just said?" "i can't really confirm any kind of allegations against the company, sir." "ah, so you don't think you're pretty." "it's not that at all sir. can i take your order?" "so you do think you're pretty. the prettiest one here, maybe." "no, not really." "well i certainly do." "thank you, that's very kind of you to say," i said in as monotone of a voice as possible. "have you decided what you'd like to order today?" "let me give you the phone number to look up my member card," he breathed at me. i tried not to gag as i punched it into the computer as fast as i could. "okay, you have x, y, and z rewards on your card, would you like to use any of those today?" "no, but there's one reward i would like," he smirked and licked his lips. "you have my number, but i'm not ordering until i get yours." my mouth opened in shock. i just kind of stood there for a few seconds while he grinned at me, not really knowing what to say. "sir, she's not an item on the menu," the man behind him in line with his arms full of squirming toddler spat at him. "either order some food or leave this poor girl alone. she's just trying to do her job." the man huffed and stepped out of line, tripping on the edge of the mat as he stormed out of the store. i gave the guy with the kid a free drink and a pastry. to all my future customers, please don't question my self esteem and then hit on me while i'm trying to take your order in the middle of dinner rush. quick backstory: i've been working at a grocery store for nearly 6 years now (started when i was 16). the first four months or so i was a bagger, then the managers had me crosstrained as a cashier. this story occurred about a week after that training. guy walks into my line, and in his rather large order is a large pack of chicken legs. it's one of the last items i ring up, and as soon as i scan it, he goes off, saying that the associate in the market had told him it would be a different, cheaper price. he's pissed, so i apologize and call my manager, but he evidently wants to go bitch at the associate who told him the price, so he grabs the pack and starts storming off towards the back. with his order still sitting in front of me. with a line of about ten people behind him. i'm not sure what to do, but before i can do anything, the 5'-nothing lady (who was behind him in line) turns, and at the top of her voice, yells, "hey! get the hell back here and pay for your shit!" chicken guy stops dead in his tracks, then turns around and comes back. he starts in on this lady, but he also starts paying for his order (as i recall, he wrote a check). he's going on, "don't you ever fucking talk to me like that again, you don't know who i am," and she's giving it right back, "i don't give a fuck who you are, you don't walk off like that, you see this line?" it continues like that, them at each others' throats, and poor me just trying to finish the order and stay unnoticed. finally his order finishes, and he snatches his shit up and say "i'll be waiting for you outside, bitch." she looks him dead in the eye, and says, in a supremely unconcerned voice, "you go right ahead, i carry a gun in my handbag, motherfucker," and then turns to me, and as if nothing's happened, smiles and says, "hi there. could i have a pack of marlboro's, please?" chicken guy slunk off quietly, and, judging by the lack of gunshots after the lady walked out, quietly went home.this is a tale from the bakery in a grocery store. an old woman comes in to complain, saying that we spelled her grandson's name wrong on the cake and everyone was so upset but they still ate the cake anyway, and she demands a free cake. that would be believable, but 1) when we take orders, we make sure to ask for name spellings, and 2) when the customer picks up the cake, we show it to them first before they actually buy it. old woman says she wasn't the one who picked up the cake, gets more upset at us, reiterating that the name was spelled wrong and so on and so forth, basically not wanting to listen to any reason so we give up. the bakery manager comes out and says, "okay ma'am, we're sorry that your grandson's day was ruined. we can make it up to him with another cake with his name on it." then the old woman hits us with this line, "i want the cake for next weekend, and write happy birthday mom on it." and then she leaves. i firmly believe that this was a setup for them to get out of buying another cake for another event. so, there have been a few stories on here recently about rude, annoying and just plain mean customers getting what they deserve. i'm gonna join in. this story happened a few years ago. i wasn't the employee, but rather just a spectator. a friend and myself went to a local fast food restaurant and went to the drive-thru and got some ice cream. we decided that we'd park the car in the lot and eat since we didn't want it to melt (nor did we feel like going inside). anyway, we got out and sat on the trunk of my car where we had a direct view of the drive-thru. suddenly, this one gentleman with a woman as his passenger pulls up to the windows in a very nice looking convertible and starts making really derogatory comments to the employees in the windows. like, really derogatory. "what's it feel like to have a shitty job?" "do you smell like french fries all the time?" "my salary pays for you illegals to come here and work! i should get this food for free!" "yes, that's a ten dollar bill! have you ever seen one?" even if he was joking, it was really inappropriate and we felt bad for all the workers. so anyway, he gets his food and pulls into a spot close to me where he begins to inspect the bag's contents. i guess looking for one more thing to berate them about. suddenly, the car that was behind him pulls out of the drive-thru and parks next to him. the guy in the other car shouts "hey!" the jerk looks over. we look over. and the gentlemen proceeds to throw his large vanilla ice cream with oreos and m&amp;m's right into the convertible. it's everywhere. on the man, his girl, the seats, the dashboard, everywhere. the man is dumbfounded. speechless. he looks over at the other man with an angry look and is about to say something when the other man says, "learn how to be a decent human being you f---ing a--hole! how dare you make fun of people for no reason! who do you think you are?" the other man drives off. the jerk drives off, still covered in ice cream. me and my friend are now speechless as well. we finish our ice cream and go. smiling all the way home.this is actually a positive story for once. i'm a manager in a store that sells, on top of what we normally sell, baby clothes and various other gear and supplies for infants. i am not a manager for this part of the store. i know virtually nothing about babies at all other than where merchandise is. i'm a 24 year old man and an only child. my life consists of beer, college classes, and video games. that said, a woman comes into our store while most of our associates over that part of the store were on break. she also only speaks spanish. no one in our store speaks spanish. as the acting manager this very quickly becomes my problem to deal with, and i was expecting the worst. i did not get the worst. this woman had the patience of a saint and a personality to match. she could not have been friendlier to me despite not understanding a word i said to her, and vice versa. she was pregnant and had absolutely no idea what to buy for her incoming child, and i had no idea what to recommend her. but we had common ground in one area: smartphones. i was able to explain to her, very slowly, how to translate what she was saying on google to english. so, she would very slowly communicate, through text, in very broken electronically translated english, her questions. and i would, in turn, do the same to spanish. this took a very long time, but she was completely cooperative and borderline amused at how the situation was occurring. in the end, she placed an order for over $2000 in furniture, and i walked her through the store while she created a registry of close to 100 items for her friends and family. all through google translate. this might seem like a fairly insignificant story, but being able to communicate with someone in a completely different world and truly help them out really made my day. i feel like i did something important tonight. i worked in a southern department store for 3 years (2 of which i was head lingerie fitter) and these are my stories. i first started telling them here and got told you guys would love if i shared so here i am :d (i hope that link worked i suck at formatting, i'm sorry in advance if it didn't!!) i have copied my stories from the ask reddit thread to start off with so you guys don't have to go back and search. smelly snatch &amp; mannequin molester the most shocking to me was when this older couple (50-60) came in reeking of black and milds and booze (more so the wife than the husband). the wife who had scraggly blonde hair, missing teeth, loose skin dripping everywhere from a recent weight loss and all around bad personal hygiene asked me to fit her for a bra cause it had been upwards for 10 years since she had bought a bra, always willing to help i happily agreed. we go into the fitting room and before i know it she strips her top half and lifts her arms to reveal long (and i mean loooooong) tangled underarm hair so i measure her, tell her size and she seems delighted. so i leave her in the room and i go select a couple bras for her, once i leave the room i see her husband caressing the mannequins vagina and staring at its arse. i let it go and go on the hunt for bras, while i'm looking he then starts yelling, quite loudly i may add, at how much would i be willing to sell the "pretty young blonde" for. i politely told him they weren't for sale etc etc but he still kept asking, caressing, and even sniffing the life sized mannequin. so i smiled nodded and went back in to cater to his wife. when i got in there she asked since i had measured her bust would i kindly measure her waist and hips cause she'd like to know, once again i agreed with a smile. i was at her waist told her the number and she got so excited (ya know cause of the weight loss). i squatted down do reach her hips and booooom. she pulls down her elastic banded mum jeans, to reveal her large flurry, matted muff. about 4inches in front of my face was this woman's vagina, she was not wearing underwear...obviously i couldn't do anything to upset her (sensitive job and whatnot) so i continued measuring around the sagging skin, trying not to touch anything i didn't have to and then the smell hit me. it was that old foosty, musty, old sock smell mixed with a fish market and some strong perfume. i held my breath and told her the measurement and stood up so fast i got a head rush. i then left her to her own devices to try on and went to get some sanitizer for my hands. of course the husband was still chatting up the mannequin but i just smiled and nodded at him and went about my business til she was done. tl;dr old foul smelling couple comes in for a fitting, husband feels up/molests the mannequins and i get face time with the wife's vagina. trash can shit storm it's my second week on the job, getting the swing of american retail, learning how often to say "ya'll", so it's going well. i'm serving this adorable old woman she's super nice, gave her a coupon that i didn't have to give her, she's happy as a clam. she leaves the register and i turn around to get a drink of water and to look on the receiving bar (which has loads of clothes on it to be put away) but still in a good mood from awesome customer. i turn back around and that sweet little old lady is charging at me like a rabid bull. her face is stern, strained and bright beetroot red. i . am. fucking. scared. (so scared i have to pee). i though i had made a mistake on her receipt as she is holding it high in the air with the other hand gripping her purse for dear life. i don't know what to do so i freeze, like a bloody deer in the headlights. after what seems like an eternity or this crazed woman coming at me she makes it to my register. i try to ask her how i could help her again/ if i made a mistake and it's obvious i am invisible to her. she doesn't stop at the register she makes her way around it beside me pulls out the little blue trash can from my left hikes up her skirt, drops her tights and fucking explodes into that poor wee unsuspecting trash can. what do i do? i stand there staring at her looking gormless. i have no idea what to do, or what the protocol even is for a shit situation. she starts profusely apologizing and stating that she couldn't make it the extra 20ft to the toilets....i come around to my senses get on the phone, call a manager and page housekeeping. i felt so bad for the housekeeping women she's so nice and funny...we still used that trash can, it even survived a store remodel...it was still there to my left on the day i quit. tl;dr sweet adorable old lady shits a fountain into my unsuspecting trash can. same trash can still there and in daily use. shameless pooper. busy day. running around covering 2 departments cause we're short staffed and scheduling manager is an idiot. carrying an arm load (about 16-21) bras from the fitting room to my counter, the lingerie department is a mess and i'm all by myself (as usual). in the middle of all the questions from customers, calls on the phone, passing comments of associates...i see it in the middle of the pathway around the store right in front of the bathroom entrance (about 5 ft) and inbetween my register and the home store register. a small slight asian man about 48-52ish unbuckling his trousers, pulling them down along with his undergarments, revealing his flaccid willy, squats down and starts to poop. in front of customers and associates just keeps going. it is not a small pile, i have horses so i know piles of shit, this was a horse sized shit for a small sized man. his wife/older daughter (30s 40s?) turns teh corner, sees him and starts screaming at him and drags him to the loo with the trousers around his ankles. leaving the pile. so my manager sees and orders me to guard the tower of poop on one side and my coworker on the other. i am being paid $10/hr to guard a pile of shit...the smell is moving quickly and customers are freaking out but they are all stopping for a good 10 seconds a piece to stare and marvel at the giant piece of fecal matter. it takes forever for housekeeping to show up but i am grinning ear to ear because my boss is a douche, we clash all the time, she is a moron. i don't even care about the smell cause i am watching her hang onto a fixture of guy fieri pans holding her nose and throat while gagging. turns out the wife/older daughter was the bad guy of the story not the small man. small man needed the toilet, they sent him on his way alone, he didn't know where it was and not only that he'd had a stoke a day or two before and they had left him by himself in a place he didn't know. so he wasn't all there. when they eventually came out of the bathroom they were screaming at him and he just looked like he had no idea hat was going on. so what'd they do left him alone (again) and wandered off down to the ladies dept to check out the clearance &gt;.&lt; i wandered down to check on the man but he'd wandered outside. so being on the clock i couldn't follow. tl;dr guy shits on floor, not his fault, uncaring family. the birth of titty sling gurl it was a slow sunday, about 20 minutes before the after lunch church crowd usually comes in, and i was dressing a couple mannequins in some bathing suits (opposite side of the bra dept). so there i am elbow deep in some mannequin arse trying to hike on a pair of neon orange and pink bikini bottoms. for the record i am 5'2 and these mannequins are at least 6ft tall maybe more. so of course i look like i am humping this mannequin while i'm really trying to make sure it's arms and legs don't fall off and that's when i hear it. "hellluurrrrr???" i look up and the expression on my face can only be described as "wut?" "hellllurrrrrr??? yo bra ladeeeee???" i wave my hand and tell this voice i'll be right with her and to give me a second. apparently a second is too long. she comes storming up through the swimwear racks, and i get my first look at shamu. i say shamu, not because of her size but the wave bathing suits are flying off her like waves off a small child. she's about 5'6, 300-350lbs, long neon green nails, dew rag paired with a weave that appeared to be falling out, leggings, a black shirt that had cut out holes in the back and an arse that was as big as the boot of my car. she was quite a woman. i dropped the mannequin and smiled while cheerily stating my apologies for the wait and how could i help her. her reply went as follows, " is this where i get da tittay slings" trying not to laugh i tell her yes and ask if she knows what size she needs. "i dunno my tittay size but i don't want you to be touchin all up on my tittays, that's wrong forreal." so i politely tell her how the fitting process works and she eventually agrees and she leaves happily with her new bras. until a week later she returns with what i believe is her mother? and yells across the department, "heeey heeey das her!!! das her!!! the tittay sling gurrrl!!!" tl;dr i am the "tittay sling gurrl" part 5 is now up part 6 is now up part 7 is up and is not going anywhere this time i swear!!! part 8 is now up i work at a beauty supply store. i like our products and we normally deal with pretty easy customers. but i'm sick of the negative atmosphere within the company and it's employees. i've wanted to quit for a while now, but i'm lazy and scared to make a change. this brings us to a few days ago. an old woman came in and was looking at makeup. i was trying to help her find a new foundation. we're a beauty supply store, but we honestly don't have a great selection of makeup. we really didn't carry what she was looking for, despite our best efforts. i recommended she try a nearby makeup store which has in-house makeup artists. she was delighted that i wanted to help and not just sell her something. this led to her asking about my life outside retail. i told her everything, how i'd recently moved to the big city, what career i was trying to pursue, etc etc. she starts encouraging me, telling me how sweet i am, i have an amazing energy. "take it from someone who's old, get out there into the world! i can see you doing good things. i really mean that." i almost cried. it was exactly what i needed to hear. i thanked her profusely and we introduced ourselves properly and i sent her on her way to buy foundation. i'm handing in my two weeks this sunday. edit: i have a second part time job and other avenues of employment to follow. i looked at my bank account before deciding to quit! this is a short story about a woman who wanted her items in separate bags: so a woman came up to my register with two items: a frying pan and a pair of shoes. the following conversation happened: m = me, c = customer m: hi, how are you doing today? *rings up first item* would you like these items in separate bags? c: of course i want them in separate bags. who puts a pair of shoes in a bag with something you cook with. how stupid are you? you walk on the ground with shoes, you cook with this, of course i don't want them in the same bag!!!!" m: *finishes ringing up customer and putting her items in two bags* c *mumbles* ugh, you stupid girl, putting shoes in the same bag with a pan *eyeroll, pays for items* m: have a nice day! honestly, i went into the break room and cried for a couple of minutes because i was so embarrassed. i don't get paid enough for this.i have to say for every bad story i have, i have at least one good one. wether it be an awesome customer or a fun moment with a coworker this is one of my favorites. i'm currently running a register for the store when a guy comes up from the back with a large 60" tv and a coworker. **coworker:** can you help ring this guy out? the registers in electronics went down. **customer:** how is it that the electronics area at these stores always have technical problems with their registers? **me:** hahaha, trust me if i knew i probably wouldn't behind the registers. as we go through the process of ringing up the customer, the tv is placed behind the register and out of sight so i can scan it. **customer:** oh wait... the customer grabs a soda from the fridge at the register and scans it just as another customer walks up. **me:** okay, that will be 602 dollars. **customer 2:** what!?!? me and the customer look up and noticed the look on the woman's face as the first customer gets out his credit card. **customer 1:** (without missing a beat) yeah. the price of soda shot through the roof last night. the stuff is like liquid gold now. he frowned a bit as he slid his card. **me:** thank you, sir. (i slide the tv out) and here is your free tv for purchasing that soda. the 2nd customer realizes what was going on and starts laughing. **customer 2:** i was gonna say! we all start laughing. tl;dr: wise cracking cashier and customer fool a 2nd customer into thinking a soda was $600.at my job at the membership desk, we were having a credit card sign up contest. whoever signed up the most people for credit cards over a one month period got a $20 gift card to our store, which is great because i get a number of groceries at my workplace quite frequently. at the time of this story, i was in second place. i had 18 cards done and my coworker had 19. i was closing the last day of the contest and so it was just me behind the desk after six. around seven or so that night, an older woman came up with one of our card application pamphlets. wonderful! i take her membership card and her license and begin the two-minute process. as i open up her file, a young couple of about thirty comes up behind her, also with a pamphlet. paydirt! i was going to win this thing in the next five minutes. now here is where everything goes to hell. the old woman, who was rather overweight and a little snippy with me to begin with, began to shift side to side. weird, but okay. suddenly, she lets out what had to be the loudest, longest fart i have ever heard. it was wet. it was like in the movies. within a moment, the smell reached me. lord have mercy on my beloved nose, i had the fight back a retch. i see the couple behind her get hit by the wave of odor and cover their noses for a second before deciding that staying in line wasn't worth it and walking away rather quickly. meanwhile, the old woman started feeling behind her and touching her butt. oh god, no. with a brief "sorry, i have to go," she took her license from me and left. and when she turned the leave, i saw it. a grayish-brown wet spot on the back of her pants. this woman just crapped herself right in front of me. but that's not the worst part. when i looked down at the keyboard to exit her file, i saw the spot on the counter where she grabbed her license from. there was a wet mark from her finger. to add insult to injury, the sign ups were tallied up the next day. my coworker won the contest by one sign up.in my small store, mornings tend to be pretty slow. this day was like most others with just a coworker and i as well as an intermittent guest or two. during these times, i do silly things just to keep morale up and make things interesting. the phone rings and i go to pick up after a couple of rings but by the time i do, the person has hung up. i seize this as an opportunity to do a gag that i once saw in a looney tunes episode as a kid. me, speaking to no one on the other end: &gt; you don't say... you don't say... you don't say... you don't say... okay, have a good day. *hang up* then my coworker, with nothing else to do, asks me what happened to which i inevitably reply, "he didn't say," and get a deadpan expression from my coworker. then in the corner of the store, some lady begins cracking up - like, dying of laughter. i'm not sure if it was the joke or the reaction from my coworker, but it became one of those wheezing, running-out-of-air laughs. i go over to help her and make sure she's okay and i swear there are tears in her eyes. she manages to say "no, i'm fine. i'm so sorry," and leaves the store i guess in embarrassment while she's still laughing. i wonder how many people she has replayed that dumb gag to since then.i work in an office supply store that also sells technology. i'm the only one working in tech today, so i'm just doing my rounds helping people out. i notice a lady standing by the tablets so i start to make my way over to her. next thing i know, she lifts her arm and snaps her fingers, like i'm a dog and she wants me to go to her. usually, that would make me immediately walk away, but luckily she realized what she had just done and immediately says, "oh my god i can't believe i just snapped my fingers at you. i'm so sorry! i can't believe i just did that!" i say its fine and help her decide on a tablet. boring story, but it was nice to have a customer realize that i'm a person. not a dog. i worked at a telecommunications company a while back and just remembered this one. i was helping a customer put a screen protector on his phone in front of his two kids (around 10 years old would be my guess) and it was taking a while because i'm quite anal and need to do these things perfectly. his kids kept pestering me/their dad with questions like "what's he doing? why is this taking so long? "i want to go to the pet store!" "can you hurry up?!" etc. i look up from the screen protector to the kids and say "just so you guys know, if you ask somebody lots of questions and tell them to hurry up, it usually makes them slow down" the kids kind of look at me and their dad says "kids, do you know what he just said?" the kids shake their heads "he just told you to shut up really nicely" it absolutely was 100% true and completely made my day. i discounted his screen protector because i couldso i've been a shift manager at a retail store for about a year now but this happened about a month into my employment. we are about 20 minutes from closing on a freezing night in december, we are talking below 0 freezing. when closing at this store there is only one manager and one cashier. i look out the doors and there is a cop talking to 5 teenage boys, not my problem so i don't concern myself with it. 20 minutes later, time to lock up close the last registers etc. i go and lock the door and see the police car driving away with the siren going, then i see the 5 teenagers try to open the door i just locked. they knock on the door. &gt;sorry guys we are closed &gt;that cop said we could stay in here though! &gt;well he should have talked to me about it before he left &gt;come on man it's freezing out here! &gt;sorry guys nothing i can do felt kinda bad kus it was cold as fuck outside, but it was just me and one cashier who was a teenage girl, i didn't know why the cop was talking to them and i knew i could lose control of that situation if anything went wrong. also, we were fucking closed. so i go about my business finishing the closing duties and then it's time to go. step outside, let the cashier go home and then i see the cop again, who then proceeds to yell at me for not letting the teenagers into the store after we closed. i love retail. edit: real quick guys, let's be honest. the cop yelling at me was a dick move for sure, but when he left his sirens were on so i assumed he was responding to a real emergency and perceived this as a non emergency. he probably didn't check the hours of the store, unfortunately the kids suffered from that. hell no i'm not going after a cop for a misunderstanding. again dick move to get pissed at me but i got over that shit within 2 hours, no need for anybody to lose their job or be reprimanded. i did my job, he was trying to do his. that's just how retail is, and being a cop is probably far more thankless.topic should've gotten enough attention i suppose! well, there i was at work, doin work stuff, when a woman comes up to the register with a bag full of tools. they're repackaged, and clearly used. we'll call her a (you'll see why i'm not just using customer soon enough) &gt;a: i want to return these i look at the items, and with my best customer service tone &gt;me: is there anything wrong with them? &gt;a: no, i just didn't need them. &gt;me: do you have the receipt? &gt;a: no, i just bought them like last month, though, can you just give me like, store credit? at this point, i actually tried guys. i don't know why, but i tried to find her receipt in our system, hoping against all hope that it wouldn't be there, because i'm not going to be the one to return these and have my bosses asking me why i took back tools in such bad shape. i probably wouldn't have done it anyways, but lo and behold, there is no record of her purchase in our system. &gt;a: so you can't take them back and just give me store credit? &gt;me: i can't. especially in the condition these are in, i wouldn't be able to sell them like this, so i can't take them back, especially without proof of purchase. &gt;a: so, you're not going to take them. why do people think that asking me several times will change my answer? &gt;me: i really can't. sorry. a packs up her junky tools and leaves. now, i think this is the end of this, and i go about my business. in walks b about an hour later. i'm with another customer, so a co-worker is helping him out. as i'm ringing out another customer, b is complaining to my co-worker that "some ***hole" refused to take back some "good as new tools" from his "sister in law", and just ranted and raved about how annoyed he was until co-worker calls a manager. manager takes b over to another register and gives him a gift card for his junk tools, tells him this is a one time only deal and not to expect it to happen again. at this point, i'm standing casually at my register, as b walks past me and says, loudly enough for me to obviously hear &gt;b: there was nothing wrong with those tools you smart-***. wait til i see you outside. i stop and turn around, half in shock that this guy actually just threatened to beat me up outside like we were in the 4th grade and i had looked at the girl he had a crush on. but i'm not taking chances on this guy's stability, so i call up security. &gt;me: yeah, the guy that just walked past me on his way out threatened me. &gt;security: he what?? &gt;me: yep... said 'wait til i see you outside'. because i refused to return his used products earlier. security hangs up, and about 15 seconds later, the head of security is storming towards the doors after this guy. the next part is hearsay because i didn't follow them. &gt;head of security (hs): did you just threaten one of my employees? &gt;b: (full of arrogant confidence) yes, sir. &gt;hs: alright, well i'm going to contact the police and let them know how you feel. &gt;b: (still full of arrogant confidence) go right ahead! hs comes in, asks me again exactly what happened, i explain the whole situation. manager comes over and hears story, is appalled by what happened. the end? nope. this is where everything gets better. we didn't end up reporting it to the police. local authorities don't care about stuff like that. the next part is all hearsay as well, but i heard it from both staff members present. a few days later, b returns to the store to buy his girlfriend jewelry with his ill-gotten gift card, because last minute gifts are a girl's best friend. manager gets a call from jewelry about a man trying to purchase jewelry with a gift card that has no balance on it. yup. manager gets hs and they both head down to jewelry. hs approaches b. &gt;hs: hey buddy, you remember me? &gt;b: yes, sir &gt;hs: yeah, that gift card you're trying to use is voided, and you can go ahead and vacate the premises now. &gt;b: well... can i at least have my tools back? &gt;hs: no?! &gt;b: that's bull&amp;*^%! i wanna talk to corporate! &gt;hs: go right ahead! &gt;b: what's their number? &gt;hs: iunno, google it or something! b is escorted off the premises, fans cheer, the crowd goes wild, and now security has had my picture on the wall in the break room as loss prevention and security employee of the month for about 5 months now. (they choose an associate from the store who prevents losses, damage, injury, etc. and put them on the board.) edit: well. this just became my highest rated post ever. glad everyone enjoyed it as much as i enjoyed it happening!i worked at a grocery store at a full service meat counter - this means if you wanted any type of meat (steaks, chicken, fish, etc - not deli meats) you had to get it from me behind a counter. this place was also in a fairly rich neighborhood, so we had plenty of entitled customers. names have been changed in this article. this is a long story i've been wanting to share for a while, so apologies for the wall of text - this is the story of the woman who worked only one day. this took place right after a massive storm took out power all across town (the town ended up without power for weeks), and our store just happened to be one of the first places to get it back. this woman was a regular customer, but was not our typical clientele - she was most likely living on welfare, was very disheveled in appearance (but not homeless), and loved to come into our store. every time she came in, she would tell the cashiers how she was constantly applying for a job here, and once they gave her a job everything would be perfect and her life would turn around. after a few months of this bragging, we decided to help her and actually gave her a job - she seemed like a lovely lady and we were short staffed due to the storm. i wasn't there when she was told she got the job, but i heard she started sobbing and gave the store manager a hug, thanking him over and over until she left. on her first day, there was another small storm - this would be perfect for her, as the rain usually keeps out customers, limiting traffic so she can learn the basics easier. however, when the time came for her to clock in at 10, she was nowhere to be seen. we wondered where she was, hoping she was able to make it here okay. ten minutes later, nothing. fifteen minutes, still nothing. twenty minutes, we were really starting to get worried something may have happened to her. she finally shows up at 10:30, looking for the working assistant manager, kelly. kelly was meat manager's wife, and very good at her job. she usually trains the cashiers, as she is also the manager of the front end. so as kelly is teaching the woman how to use our clock in system (at this point we had one that scanned our hands and fingerprints to recognize who was clocking in), she mentions to the woman the fact that she is 30 minutes late to her shift. the woman casually says she is not late, and that she is actually perfectly on time. **red flag count: 1**. kelly then points to the screen on the hand scanner. kelly:"look, the clock here says 10:35. you showed up here five minutes ago and all i did was give you your employee id." woman:"...well your clocks must be calibrated wrong then. you should really get that fixed." **red flag count: 2**. so we work on getting her to a register to train her on the pos system, as she is only supposed to be there until 2. at 11:30 she notices the younger kids who were there before here going on lunch break. she decides that this is a good time to ask when she can take her lunch break. woman:"hey kelly, when can i go on lunch?" kelly:"well, actually because you're only meant for a four hour shift, company policy dictates you don't get a break. you get 15 minutes with no punch out for 5 hours, 15 *with* punch out for 6 hours, and half an hour with punch out for 7 and up." woman:"...really? there's no way i can go out real quick?" she tried to give kelly crocodile tears and puppy dog eyes. **red flag count: 3** kelly:"i'm sorry, maybe later though - you've only been here for an hour." fast forward 15 minutes to 11:45, where she once again piped up to kelly, woman:"kelly, do you think you can hold the front end down here? i need to use the restroom." kelly agrees, and the woman left to the bathrooms, which are located in the employee break room. a few minutes later, kids in the break room are reporting a terrible smell. after fifteen minutes, the woman emerged from the women's room, with the distinct smell of cigarette smoke. **red flag count: infinity.** our store is a strictly no smoking area, if you want to smoke you have to do it outside. kelly went into the ladies room to investigate the smell (which had now started bleeding through to the meat department as seafood is right next to the break room) and the woman had lit a cigarette, enjoyed her smoke, **put it out on the toilet seat, melting the plastic, and didn't flush it away.** reasonably pissed off, kelly brought the woman to the back room and asked her what that was all about. she explained she thought that kelly was being unreasonable to her, and since she couldn't take her smoke break with lunch, she decided that it would be best to take it in the bathroom. when asked why she had to melt the toilet seat, her only response was "*where else am i supposed to put it? you guys don't do the whole smoking indoors thing*". knowing that she was aware of the smoking policy when she voilated it was enough to force kelly's hand into firing her. she consulted with the store manager and he agreed. when they gave her the news, her reaction was what we had more or less expected of her now: kelly:"i'm sorry woman, but you're fired. this is ridiculous, you've only been here an hour and a half-" woman:"what?! no! and i've been here *two* hours! i got here at 10!" kelly:"you showed up at 10:30. you vandalized store property-" woman:"because you're being so unfair to me! i should have a break, i've been here long enough to get one!" kelly:(clearly very fed up with the interruptions now)"woman get out." woman:"well where's my paycheck?" kelly:"you will be able to get your paycheck next week on tuesday, your time here has not been processed yet" woman:"**no!** i **demand** my money now! i worked hard for it! you owe me **exactly** $16.71!" kelly:"woman, you will be able to pick up the check-" woman:"**no! f#%k you! where is store manager?! i want my $16.71!** sm, hearing the commotion, left his office. he didn't need to ask what was going on, the small store made it very easy to know what was going on. sm:"woman, you will not be getting any money until tuesday next week." woman:"that's against the law! you **have** to pay me!" sm:"just leave already - you're lucky we don't charge you for the property you destroyed." woman:"well then where's my form?!" sm:"form?" woman:"so i can get me my unemployement!" sm:"get out. you're not getting any forms, you're being charged for the property you've damaged, so you're not getting any paycheck. leave. now." she left to her car, peeled out all over the parking lot, (this could be seen because the entire storefront is glass) and she drove in front of the store flipping the bird at everyone before she left. looking at the clock, she didn't even last in retail past 12:30. we never saw her again. tl;dr - this is what happens when customers start working in retail.i have a couple of part time jobs. one of them is at a mom and pop convenience store that sells the hell out of lotto and beer. we also sell sandwiches, subs, and wraps. during the week we usually have a lunch special as well. during the holiday week we decided not to have specials because most of our regular customers had time off and we wouldn't have sold many. in walks a 20-something guy who is also a regular. he will often buy the normal menu items. so i was surprised by his reaction. him: what's your special today? me: with the holidays being so slow we aren't going to have any until after new years. he starts throwing stuff on the counter for me to ring up without giving me any eye contact and says, "well, that's fucking awesome. i can't believe you don't have any lunch specials. i don't want anything off the regular menu. stupid." then he looks up at me, and i said, "do you feel better now?" (oops) he looks up at me, takes a breath and says, "no, but i'm being a dick." hallelujah!! they can be taught! a friend told me this story. he works at a print shop in dubai. &gt;client: do you do lemonade? &gt;friend: do we do .... lemonade &gt;client: yes, i was told that you do that here. &gt;me: i'm sorry we don't do lemonade this is a print and graphics shop. &gt;client: i know that i'm not an idiot. i was told that you do lemonade here. &gt;friend: i'm sorry if i was rude but - &gt;client: look if you can't lemonade these papers for me then i'll go somewhere else! &gt;friend: do you mean laminate? &gt;client: that's what i said. tldr: we don't do lemonade but we do laminate. edit: sorry guys turns out my friend is a real-life karma thief! here are some links to earlier threads: i'll leave the post up for people that haven't seen it yet.i used to work in a home improvement store. this store will bend over backwards to take care of customers - even to the point of letting them walk out with product rather than offending them. customer called on the phone one night. cursing at me. her son had bought 3 gallons of the wrong color deck stain. she had stained 900 square feet before "realizing" it didn't match the rest of the deck. of course it is my fault since i let him buy the wrong color. i offered to give her enough stain stripper to get the stain off for free. easy peasy. right? customer service oriented? nope. she wanted me to personally come out, strip her entire deck, restain it, and do it all for free. of course, cursing me over the phone the entire time she explained it. i stuck to me guns and offered enough stain stripper to remedy the situation. free of charge. i also suggested that next time she bought stain or paint, we would have fixed the stain color for her if she hadn't used 3 entire gallons. paint is clearly non-refundable. the label on the can says so. well according to her it was our fault that she sent her 16 year old son to the store and we sold him the wrong color. we were supposed to know that she and her husband had been in over the weekend and bought 6 gallons of a different color. she expected that we would associate her 16 year old with her - and sell him the right color. her husband then called and said the same thing. he at least didn't curse at me. he did hang up on me and you guessed it - went to the store manager. the store manager gave him 9 gallons of stain, stripper, applicators, a refund of the previous 9 gallons, and apologized for us selling them the wrong color. seriously?i saw another thread on here earlier about customers assuming retail workers are stupid or unintelligent because of the field we work in and it reminded me of something that happened a few years ago when i was working in my senior year of high school. i was working at a local chain bakery in a fairly upscale neighbourhood one saturday when this happened. for some backstory, in our store our manager always told us to ask a lot of questions when people just asked for "bread" because otherwise customers had a habit of returning later and complaining/trying to score free stuff. i'm not talking a *lot* of questions either, it was literally stuff like "seeds or no seeds, brown or white bread, thick or thin slice?" and we always moved and worked while talking so we could provide fast service. one day i was working alone and this guy came in, clearly in a massive hurry. he was the only customer so i was doing my best to be courteous and get his items bagged up quickly for him, asking the usual questions when he looks up and snaps at me. "are you fucking stupid or something? i just want a loaf of bread. you'd better work on your customer service skills because it looks like you'll be in sales for the rest of your life." at this point i'm kind of in shock because i was honestly just going through the usual routine and trying to work quickly for him and no one had ever said anything like that to me at work before. never mind the fact that i had good results in school and was on track to law school, i was totally stumped about what to say to him, whether to defend myself or just take it. that's when this voice pipes up from over the man's shoulder. it's my english teacher and he says "actually, this cashier is a student of mine and in the top 5% of her grade, you absolute dick." the man looks flabbergasted, slaps his money down on the counter and stalks off with his loaf of bread. i just looked at my english teacher and he smiled, apologised for swearing and kept walking with his coffee. edit- there seems to be some confusion when i say "law school." in australia, you can go straight from high school to an undergraduate bachelor of laws. i meant my predicted high school results were high enough to get me into my preferred university for that course. and yes, the main point of contention for my story has almost nothing to do with my story... classic reddit :pmy coworker had what i think was a stroke at work today; i was the only one who knew cpr because, despite my repeated urgings for my company to hold classes on it, it wasn't "cost effective". as you know, it's not really a living wage we earn, so nobody could afford to pay for the classes themselves. edit: i just want to thank all of you; things are in a better perspective for me today. went to work and spent time talking about my friend with coworkers and i feel more at peace. you're all right, even when we do everything we can sometimes it's just not going to be enough. thanks again for making me see that. update: my son just came in here to tell me about this... i want everyone to know how much their comments, comfort and caring have meant these two days. from all of your posts and advice, i was able to say the right things to my friend's widow when she came to see me at work today. i let her know that the last thing he heard before he completely lost consciousness was me telling him we loved him... that i was holding his hand and stroking his face and telling him it was going to be okay... that he squeezed my hand back before he slipped away. that was all because of the strength you all lent me to get through the day. thanks for being you... all of you. p. s. i'm a woman. and a mom... but today, firstly, i am a redditor. this story starts 5 years ago. i started working at a grocery store about 5 years ago and this elderly couple used to come in all the time. they were probably the sweetest couple i have ever meet. they would always come in the morning together, john would buy coffee, get the morning newspaper and head over to flirt with the bakery girls. marliese and i would talk with me about things going on in there lives. after several months of working there i noticed that they hadn't been coming in as often as they used to. one morning john came in by himself and i asked where his wife was, he told me that she wasn't feeling well and stayed home. i didn't think anything of it at the time. it had been another full six months till i saw them both in the store together. they did their shopping and come into my line to check out. i greeted them both, john replied but marliese ignored me and was trying to find her checkbook in her purse and was getting upset when she couldn't find it even though her husband had already written out his check. they argued over this and john had to take her purse from her. they paid for their groceries and left. later into my shift i was talking to one of the cashiers who has worked at my store for a very long time and who knew john and marliese very well, i told her about marliese’s strange behavior and that something seemed off about marliese, she was usually always cheery and in a happy mood. the cashier told me that a couple years before i started working their marliese had been diagnosed with alzheimer's and that is what's probably going on with her. they would come in from time to time, not as frequently as they used to. i would notice that marliese personality would get worse and worse, she was very argumentative with cashiers and she started to develop a short fuse but we all knew what was going on with her so we all super patient and understanding. many months had passed and one day marliese came in without john and with who i assume was her caretaker. later on we found out that john had passed away. present time. one day marliese came into the store, her caretaker drove her there and sat down in the cafe. marliese did her shopping and came up front to checkout. she went into this new cashiers line and she immediately started complaining about the price of something. instead of calling a manager over to fix the problem, this new cashier decided he was gonna tell her that he changed to price to what she wanted(even though he didn’t and he also double scanned some items on purpose). when she left he told me what he did. i immediately told my manager and my manager had to run out to the parking lot . my manager had marliese come back in and gave her a full refund with an apology. the new cashier was fired and trespassed. i work as a cashier at a place you need to buy a membership to shop at. i like this job a lot, mostly because we seem to get a more pleasant class of customer than most retail stores. 95% of the people who come through my line are normal, calm, and understanding. so anyways, a woman and her son, who looked about 13-14, came through my line. the woman kept complaining that her stomach hurt, and at the same time, the kid was keeping up a running commentary on everything she bought. none of it was that entertaining, so i kind of just ignored it. the woman is getting visibly annoyed with the kid's constant talking. and then i scanned a can of tuna and all hell broke loose. the woman was, at this point, looking *pissed* and the kid said something like "eat some tuna mom, then maybe your stomach won't hurt" the kid's mom then yells **"if you had a girlfriend, maybe you'd be eating some tuna!"** i absolutely lost it. i was doubled over, not even trying to hide how hard i was laughing. the kid didn't get it at all, and looked really confused. the woman points at me and yells "he gets it! he gets it!" i was gone. somehow i managed to finish the transaction and send them on their way. i hope that kid made it to a burn center.so last night i was working (customer service desk at a large chain grocery store) and i had a bit of a line. i do western union money transfers and those tend to take a bit longer than most things i do. i had about three of them in a row, and this guy was waiting behind them to exchange something. when i got done with the first two transfers (fairly quickly, btw), the third western union customer (wuc) offered to let the exchange guy (eg) go first. eg said, "well, i was going to exchange these chips for those pretzels but i'm really annoyed at having to wait so long. you should just give me them both." and started to walk off towards the door with both of them. wuc stopped him, and in his best baby-talk voice, said, "ooh, does somebody not want to wait in line like a big boy? put those pretzels back." eg dropped the pretzels on the counter and walked out, furious. as soon as i saw him walk out the door, i told wuc that i owe him a high-five, and that i wished i was allowed to have that attitude with customers. gotta love the small victories, man. it's what makes the job worth it.i work in retail at a store aimed at kids, so naturally we deal with a lot of kids. i've seen a lot of horribly behaved kids and equally horribly behaved parents. one day a mom came in with two girls, age 6ish and 8-10ish. they shop around, the girls pick out about $75 worth of stuff that seem more like fun and cute clothes, not necessities. they check out and everything is great. mom is really nice, kids are nice, out they go. they come back in about 5 minutes later and come up to the cash register. i ask if they forgot something or needed something else, and mom looks at the older daughter and says "no, but she has something to say to you." older daughter sheepishly says "i'm sorry i took this" and hands me back a gift card she took from our display. they don't have any money on them and i'm sure they've been swiped many times. i tell the girl thank you and take it back. mom then looks at the daughter who stole the gift card and says the golden words "we also need to return these things. stealing is not allowed in this family." all hell broke loose. this girl threw one of the most impressive fits i've ever seen, particularly for a an 8-10 year old. boots on the floor, coat on the floor, throwing herself on the floor screaming bloody murder and how much she hates her mom, this store, everything. mom allows little sister to keep her stuff and is perfectly pleasant to us. i attempt to make small talk during the return while this girl is throwing the fit of the week. mom ignores her completely. i wanted so badly to say "you're doing the right thing!" but of course i couldn't. after the return, mom picks up her coat, picks up her boots, grabs her by the arm and marches her out of the store. my coworkers and i stood in awe of an actual showing of awesome parenting that so rarely comes our way. **background:** when i was a teenager, i used to work for a big chain grocery store as a bagger, in the great state of texas. i was 15 at the time. my managers name... let's call him jim. jim was a *dick*. he treated us poorly, like we were beneath him; we never bagged quickly enough, or returned from customers' cars fast enough, he claimed. he was the type of manager you hate to have. **the story:** on this particular day, we had a 'severe thunderstorm', as we call them here in texas. basically, a torrential downpour with loads of lightning strikes and amazingly loud thunderclaps. it was raining so hard, my jacket was even soaked through, even though i was wearing a poncho over it (which i had to pay for). it was winter. it was quite cold out. i was shivering, teeth chattering. this big, built guy, dressed like your typical biker comes through the lane i'm bagging for. he's around 6'4“, probably over 225. when i finish bagging his things, i ask if he'd like help out to his car: bikerdude: are you kidding me?! look at you! you're already soaked! you must be freezing. they're gonna make you go back out in this crap?! me: well, yeah, i guess so... bikerdude: where's your manager? is it that little nerd with the clipboard over there? the *dry* one in that stupid vest? me *through laughter*: yeah, that's jim. bikerdude: hey, jim! *bikerdude then storms over to where jim is standing.* bikerdude: hey there jim! look at this kid. he's soaked to the bone and cold! why are you making these kids go out in this mess? jim: ...hello... um... sir? well, to help our customers... bikerdude: well how 'bout you think of your employees for a quick second? let them stay inside and warm up, dry off. c'mon man, be reasonable. jim: well, sir, our customers need help out to their cars and... bikerdude: you know what, you're right! they do! i need help to my car. and i want *you* to help me out there, jim. jim: uhhhhh... i have to uhhhhh stay and watch over the... bikerdude: what's that saying? 'the customer is always right?' you're helping me out to my car, jim. by this time, everyone was watching as jim and bikerdude strolled out with his basket. i went outside and stood under the covered entrance area to watch jim get his; bikerdude was in a truck, which was parked in the verrrrry back of the parking lot. by the time jim got back, he was just as soaked as i was. i acted like i was collecting carts, and took jim's from him; he had a horribly sour look on his face, which i, of course, enjoyed thoroughly. bikerdude pulled by in his truck and waved me over and handed me a $20. he told me to go take a break and dry off with a hot meal; i said thanks and went back inside and asked jim for a break. he begrudgingly told me to take as long of a break as i needed to dry off. to this day, i wonder what bikerdude said to him to get that reaction of of him. *some* customers are actually cool.i work at a large, well-known department store. right now i don't have a set department each week and am moved around in toys, sports, hardware, etc. today i was in hardware. an older man came into the store wanting to buy some pre-mixed paint. he chose his colour (a minty green) and wanted me to shake it for him. while waiting for his paint to be ready he suddenly asked, "have you heard of online romance?" at first i was apprehensive, wondering where he might be going with this but i answered that i had. he smiled and said, "when i was a kid a cute freckled red-headed girl lived across the road from me. it's been fifty years since i saw her but we've been talking online and we're going to be meeting again in a few days! can you imagine it... it's been *fifty years*!" he went on to say, "i built my house but i'm not very much into 'interior decorating' so i haven't really painted. i decided since she's coming over that i'm going to have to. i've already done the kitchen, the bedroom, the living room and now i'm doing the bathroom." he glanced at the paint he was getting and laughed, "i don't know why i went with green tile for the bathroom. i don't even like green!" once i showed him the mixed paint and he said it looked exactly the way he wanted he thanked me and went on his way. i hope everything goes well for him and the freckled red-headed woman!really... i had no idea. i was checking out of the local home supply warehouse, and used my store credit card for my purchase - which consisted of a couple of pallets of fencing materials. the cashier didn't look like she was new. this particular store has everyone wearing orange vests, and they are encouraged to decorate them. hers was starting to look a little shabby, but had lots of colored drawings of flowers all over it. she'd been here for a while. and she was wooden. she was doing her job quickly and efficiently, but i might as well had been invisible. no eye contact, no talk, no life. taking my cue from her, after my initial "hello" i stayed quiet. when i pulled out my store credit card, she asked me if she could see my id too. i've been the victim of identity theft before. my credit cards have my signature, and a "see id" on the back. even now i have a fraud alert on my credit. so i'm very happy when cashiers ask to see my id, and i always tell them "thank you" in a cheerful manner. "thank you so much for asking!" i said as i pulled out my id, "i'm always so glad when a cashier asks! i know people give you crap for it, but it really does mean a lot to me. so thank you." and she started crying! it wasn't like she was bawling, but her eyes teared up and her voice got that tremulous tone we have all experienced at some point in our lives. there weren't any other customers, so we talked for a few minutes about how terrible customers can be, and she regained her composure again. apparently another customer had read her the riot act for something or another (i'm not sure what) and it had really hurt her. i've told her about /talesfromretail - maybe we will see her here. this one happened about a year ago when i worked the customer service desk at one of those warehouse stores. now, given that customers tended to purchase either large items or large amounts of items, we provided flatbeds as well as oversized shopping carts. one morning, a perfectly respectable, well-dressed gentleman comes up to me, wheeling in a flatbed with a bunch of wine, and asks to get a refund on it. okay, so i grab a scan gun, run around to his side of the counter, thinking a wedding or something got cancelled. while i'm scanning the bottles through, he starts telling me why he's returning them all. &gt;it's my wife. she drinks a lot. i know she does it, even though she tries to keep it secret. i come home from work and she reeks of perfume and breath mints, but i can still smell it on her. i was checking our account statement last night and saw she spent a couple hundred dollars here, and then i found the wine hidden in our basement. she's killing herself. she's killing herself and i can't stop her. i finished scanning the bottles. 42. i remember it was 42 because i thought to myself, "wow, i guess booze really is the meaning of life." i looked up and he was angry and on the verge of tears. i didn't know what to say, so i processed his refund and kind of awkwardly told him to have a good day, which i realized afterward i should've left out. it was sad.our store has the same sort of rewards system most other stores do. free to sign up, you get the sales prices and have coupons sent to you if you choose to provide that information. you can provide as little as your phone number, or more if you want the coupons. if you don't want to give me your number, that's fine, you just don't get the sales prices (which i explain). enter mr. grumps. me: hello, did you have a rewards number with us? grumps: no. me: would you like to get one, so you can get our sale prices today? grumps: **no.** i do **not** give out my information! me: okay, no problem. just to let you know, it won't ring up the sale prices. grumps: i don't give out my information. i start ringing things up. i see some of his stuff would be on sale (it puts an asterisk next to each item on sale). he sees it too, because he stops me and jabs his finger at the screen. grumps: hang on. that was cheaper on the shelf. me: yes... as i said, that's on sale *with* our rewards program. are you sure you wouldn't like to sign up? you can just do a phone number if you'd like, you don't have to give us anything else. grumps thinks about it for a moment. evidently these savings are worth it, because he decides to sign up. i put in his phone number and, *surprise*, he's already got an account with us. not only that, but he has provided us with all of his information in the past. i spin the screen around. me: oh, is this you? grumps: oh... huh... i guess it is... me: and is all this information still correct? grumps: yeah. so much for not giving out your information.so back when i worked for a popular coffee shop, one of my supervisors told me a great story about a lady who clearly wasn't grounded very well in our modern reality. so this lady comes in with her child, orders a drink for herself and a hot chocolate for her child. the hot chocolate gets finished and put on the bar for the child, who comes up and accepts it and, being a little cutie, squeaks "thanks mister!" lady, standing behind her child clucks her tongue and says to her child "now now, we don't thank the help." my co-worker looks at the kid, says "you have a wonderful day sweety." then looks at her mother and says "i'm sorry maam, i'm going to have to ask you to leave the store now."another story from the used media store i work for. the other day a man and his two sons came in with some games to trade. now, we're required by law to take a valid id with any trade. it creates a paper trail should anything come up as stolen later on. the kids brought their games to the counter and i cheerfully asked for an id. the older son called his dad over, who we'll call history buff or hb for short. me: hi, i just need a valid license or state i.d. to get started. hb: my license? me: yes sir, or a state id if you don't have one. hb: you know it's illegal for you to ask me that. me: actually, sir, we're complying with state law. hb: i'm talking federal law. it's illegal under the constitution. me: unfortunately sir i'm still required to have it before i can do any sort of trade for you today. hb: yeah, i'll give it to you, i'm just trying to educate you. people your age never know anything about history or laws. this is the point where i really needed to bite my tongue and force that cheerful, retail smile as he pulled a driver's license and a concealed carry license from his wallet. he handed me the latter. being a state issued id, it was acceptable and i made no further comment on it. i did his trade, his sons chose a game, and in an effort to kill them with kindness i cheerfully wished him a nice day, to which he rudely replied, "yeah, just study your history." what a peach.i work at a a toy store. i was working at the cash register. a customer brings up a monster high doll to buy. for those unfamiliar with monster high, it's pretty much barbie's creepy monster cousins. this particular doll was from a new line of oversized dolls, about double the size of the regular ones, that cost a bit more. after ringing her up, i tell her the total which comes to $40 plus tax. &gt;lady: your wrong. that's too much. &gt;me: it's ringing up for $39.99, was there a different price on the shelf? &gt;lady: the sign over there says they are 17. she points towards the entrance area, in the completely opposite side of the store of the doll department. while i don't work in dolls, i see enough of these dolls to know that is far too low, the regular sized ones rarely are that cheap unless on sale or clearance. so i let her lead me to in the direction she was pointed to a sign by the entrance. &gt;lady: see, this sign says $17. the sign in question was indeed about the doll she was buying, an advertisement about the bigger line of dolls but no where did it say a price. however the sign did say *frightfully tall ghouls 17" tall* &gt;me: i'm sorry, but this sign doesn't say a price, just that these dolls are 17 inch tall. &gt;lady: it says 17. you need to sell it to me for that much. &gt;me: i'm sorry,but that isn't a price, but a height. i can't sell you it for that much &gt;lady: that's misleading, you should sell me it for 17 like the sign says. &gt;me: it says that it is 17 inch tall, that (pointing to the sign) is a symbol for inches not dollars. &gt;lady: how do you know that isn't dollars. i want it for that price, you can't have numbers that aren't a price. at this point i was frustrated, this was an adult, and somehow was unfamiliar with units of measurement, or basic reading comprehension. &gt;me:the sign doesn't say that it is 17 dollars. it says that it is 17 inches. double apostrophe means inches, not dollars. those are two different types of units. i can't lower a price, because you misread a sign. &gt;lady:this is ridiculous. if you don't give me that price, i am going to get you fined for false advertising. &gt;me: sorry. i can't. that is clearly not the price. she glares at me and storms off in a huff. kicking the sign as she goes. i'm a manager at a well-known clothing/apparel store. we get a lot of interesting customers. a customer and her kids were at the register with one of our strongest cashiers, a quiet-but-friendly older woman with quite a few years of experience under her belt. i was working on something at a nearby counter throughout the exchange. the customer had around $400 worth of merchandise to purchase, and my cashier was going above and beyond in order to use every coupon the customer had across multiple transactions. final total came to around $260, so she had saved quite a lot of money already. **customer**: i thought these tops were $4. **cashier**: oh, no, they're $4 if you buy three. you only bought two. **customer**: that's not what the sign says. it just says $4. **cashier**: well, let's go see. the cashier takes the customer to the sign, which was right near the cash wrap. the sign, sitting right in the middle of the tank tops in question, states "ribbed tanks, 3 for $4 each" in large text and "2 for $5 each" in smaller text, and they are the only tanks on the table. **customer**: so this says that the shirts on this table are $4 if you buy three. well i also got this shirt (she pointed to a short-sleeved shirt that was on the back side of the table on lower shelves), so they are all $4. **cashier**: no, it's just the tanks. you only have two tanks, so they are $5, and that shirt is not on sale. **customer**: no! (she gestures emphatically across the store to the sign, as they've made their way back to the cash register at this point.) that's not what it says! can't you read? **cashier**: yes ma'am, it is. i'm watching carefully at this point, as the customer begins to get upset. the cashier handles the situation very cooly, but i'm starting to think i might need to intervene. **customer**: your signs are so misleading! i can't believe you're not going to honor your prices! **cashier**: the sign says $4 when you buy 3. **customer**: they are $4! (she's gesturing this entire time. it's really irritating to me.) **cashier**: yes, when you buy three of the same shirt. **customer**: i don't know why i shop here! this store is horrible! **cashier**: i'm sorry you're disappointed. did you want me to take off those tanks? **customer**: no, i want them for $4. **cashier**: unfortunately they're not $4 unless you buy three. unless you want to get a third, i can either take them off or give them to you for $5 each. it's up to you. such an awesome cashier. i love employees like this. the customer continues to whine throughout the rest of the transaction, after having the cashier remove the shirts from the bill. she pays and goes to leave, when the detectors at the door begin to activate as her sons pass through. i check her merchandise and find no electronic tags left on her clothing. complaining, she walks through the door herself and with her bags and does not set off the alarm. when her child follows suit, however, the system lights up. she pulls a shirt out from his pants, throws it at me, and leaves in a huff. um, bye then! **tl;dr**: customer complains about $2 on a $260 purchase. meanwhile, her son tries to steal.two stories in less than a week? which retail deity did i scorn? which cardinal direction do i have to bow and pray to? --- so i have a half-shift today (4 hours; covers the lunch rush) and i'm working on the sandwich line. we make all manner of sandwiches, but one in particular is vastly more popular than all the others. so much so, that we tend to run out of the materials to make them within only a few hours. some people apparently have taken to using... unscrupulous methods to try and get one. (note: stating exactly what the sandwich is will probably give away my place of business. it's not even that good, tbph) anyway, the person in question was a young businessman who, i swear to god, walks straight up to my sandwich counter and pulls out a list, of all things. &gt;sbm (s****y business man): i need 8 sandwiches, 5 of [popular sandwich], 2 roast beef, 1 turkey- &gt;me: sir, i will be more than happy to serve you, once i've helped the customers ahead of you. [points at the line-up of **15** other people he's just tried to cut in front of] &gt;sbm: _excuse me?_ &gt;me: i said- &gt;sbm: i heard you, smart-***. i don't have time for this. do you even know who i am!? oh boy. here we go. &gt;me: no, sir, i'm afraid i d- &gt;sbh: i'm the franchise owner from [next town over], you little s**t. oh good. one of _these_ guys; i've heard tell of them. heck, i've seen stories about them here on tfr, but to be honest, i thought they were like leprechauns: everyone's heard of one, but never seen one for themselves. to clarify, we are a small, _independently-owned_ bakery. there are no franchises. in the space of about five seconds, i'm trying to decide what the best course of action would be to deal with this guy would be, and it ended up being the worst possible thing i could do to the poor idiot. i played along. &gt;me: oh dear i'm so sorry sir, i wasn't told you ordered here. wait here, i'll get the business owner, he'll want to apologize personally. hey [business owner], the franchise owner from [next town over] wants to see you! i've never seen a man backpedal so hard in all my life. if he'd backed off any faster, he would've moonwalked out the storefront window. this happened in the early 2000s, and is my first post to /r/tfr, so i thought i'd give it a shot. i worked at a chain family-owned grocery store. i had been working through the ranks and was head cashier at the time, which basically meant i figured out breaks and handled customers when the cashiers couldn't. this fine summer afternoon, i spot *him*, this creepy guy. anyway, he was in line to one of our cuter cashiers, who, as soon as she saw him, flashed her checkout light signaling for help. backstory: this is the disgusting part, and i cannot deny or prove this; however, i had heard from several sources that this guy liked to go into the checkouts of cute girls, stare at them for a bit, then go home and while staring at their name on the receipt, jerk off to them. anyway, back to the story. as i saw the cute girls light flash, i knew immediately what to do. i waited a few moments until the man was committed to the line, then bee-lined it straight to her register, told her to sign out and go on break (wasn't really her time to go, it was more of an excuse to not arouse suspicion). got him - i knew the man had already placed his half gallon of milk and other sad groceries on the belt, and couldn't escape. his smirk deflated in front of my eyes like a child opening a box for christmas and it revealing a subscription to field &amp; stream magazine. i gave him the heartiest "hello! how are you today?!" smiling and making eye contact. here’s where i decided to push the awkward meter further. i decided to maintain eye contact the *entire time* i rang him out. he mumbled something incoherent, but i didn't care. i was beaming on the inside. however, my job was half done. i still had to ring him out. i must've fumbled with that box of cereal for a few more seconds than i should have, but i was not going to break that eye contact. i literally felt around like a blind man, while i maintained my eyelock onto him. oh, he started grunting and looked away multiple times, but i felt like it was my civil duty to make him as uncomfortable as he made those girls. thank god i had a bagger to help otherwise i would've had to bagged his items and break that eye contact. after ringing him out, for what felt like forever (was really only 5-10 items), i handed him his receipt, and when he went to grab it from me, i maintained a firm grip on it, looked him dead in the eyes, pointed to my name on the receipt and said: &gt; "in case you didn't know, my name is drweegee, i hope i provided you with excellent customer service." i let go of the receipt and watched him twitch off. i think i saw a vein on his forehead explode. the cashier came back and thanked me for helping her with him. aftermath: other cashiers and baggers apparently saw this whole ordeal, and watched the entire thing transpire. one of the other baggers came up to me later on saying he saw the man throw the receipt out when he got outside. after aftermath: a few weeks later, i saw the man in queue for another female's line. immediately, i went up to the cashier and told her to go on break, flashing him a wink and a smile. the man (*i kid you not*) placed his items on the floor, turned, and walked out. edit: holy balls! gold?! many thanks!! edit2: just to clarify, i have been out of retail for about 7 years and have joined the lovely world of "cubicle farms." i will post as many stories as i remember from my retail past. edit3: a word. wow, i did not expect for this post to blow up like this! thank you all for your comments, i'll post more soon!i work in customer service at a store that has a credit card program. naturally, when the credit bills aren't paid; corporate will decline the card when a customer tries to use it. this leads me to my story; my front end manager sends me a call on the phone back at the service desk telling me that i am about to have a woman come back to yell at me because her card is declined. my manager also told me that they called corporate's financial department twice and they told the lady the same thing each time: her bill hadn't been paid. so the lady shows up at my counter and demands to use the courtesy corporate phone for customers. i nicely hand her the phone and tell her that it has an automated main menu to guide her to what corporate department representative she'd like to speak with. she ignored me and started yelling into the phone for 15 minutes about how angry she is. eventually she goes, "you. talk". and hands me the phone. i put the receiver to my ear to talk and i am cut off with "press 1 for english, 2 for spanish, 3 for more options". she ranted to the main menu for 15 minutes. i page my manager because i had no idea how to handle the lady after i broke the news that she had just talked to a main menu for that whole time. she left angrily and i know have a great story to tell.this is my first time posting in this sub, so i hope i do it correctly. i work at a hardware store, in the paint department, and one day a couple of years ago, i got an extremely...confusing phone call. customer: "hello there, i was wondering if you carry dick stein?" me: "...i'm sorry, a which stein?" customer: "dick stein, you know, to paint your dick!!!" me: (oh sweet jesus he is aussie)"yes... we do carry deck stain." needless to say, i'm still laughing about it. good ole accents. he was charming but i was thoroughly confused and disturbed at first. edit: thanks for everyone letting me know it's actually a new zealander accent! cross posted with /talesfromthecustomer - delete if it shouldn't be here, too.... on friday night, i was out shopping with my 13yo daughter and we stopped by a well-known fast food restaurant around 7:00 pm. it was obvious they were training a few counter help because the employees were paired up and walking around with each other. i work retail, so i recognized that "deer in the headlights" look a few of them had on their faces because we've got a few new employees at our store, too. there were quite a few people in line, but we were in no rush, so we just stood in line without complaint. but - there was this grumpy elderly man directly in front of us that kept complaining and trying to get us in on his little complaint-fest. finally came old man's time to order. i heard his entire transaction (he was rude, cashiers were extremely polite to him). when it was done, he turned around and looked at my daughter and said, "you better stay in school so that you don't end up like these people with a job like this." i was a tad pissed off - first, don't drag my kid into your rude-fest, and second - just, well don't. i looked at him and said, "it's obvious they are in training and they were not rude to you at all. these kids are most likely all still in school and trying to make a little money while dealing with really rude customers. it wouldn't bother me at all if my daughter worked here one day - at least she'd be working hard for honest money." **i really wish i were kidding - i had never had the opportunity to speak to a customer like this and it felt good. my daughter was horrified and said i embarrassed her by talking to the grumpy man. i didn't care. ignorant old man.years ago, i worked as a salesperson for an electronics retailer. i had worked there a while, so i knew the products and policies pretty well. i prided myself in genuinely helping customers as best as i could. i was very fortunate to have an awesome store manager: he treated both customers and employees fairly. if someone treated him with respect, he would go out of his way to help them out. however, he was no pushover: he had no tolerance for bs. overall, he was a great boss, who always trusted our judgment and would help us out whenever needed. one day, a gentleman came in and asked to return a rather expensive cassette recorder. (i did say that this was years ago.) he handed me the box, which was old, worn, and faded. i opened it, and found that the recorder was in equally poor shape-- scratched and dented through years of use. i politely asked when he bought it. **customer:** i just bought it last week. from the wear and tear, i can see clearly that this recorder is *easily* a year old, likely more. at this point, i know for sure that he's trying to scam me. regardless, i stay completely polite and professional. **me:** okay. could i please see your receipt? **customer:** i lost the receipt. but i just bought it last week. now, we do have some discretion on what returns we could accept. however, this was way past the line: it was too badly damaged to ever re-stock, was quite expensive, and was well past the 30 day return policy. without a receipt, there was no way anyone in the store was accepting that return. **me:** i'm sorry, sir. this item appears to be very old and damaged. i cannot accept this return without a receipt. he responded as you might expect: **customer:** i want to see your manager! at this point, i should point out that my manager was built like a tank: around 6 foot 6 inches tall, around 300-350 pounds, quite muscular. while he was very nice, he could also be *extremely* intimidating if he wanted to be. there was no way that my manager would put up with any bs from this customer. as such, even though the customer asked to speak to the manager, i was pretty sure it wasn't a good plan. as such, i politely responded, as genuinely helpful as i could: **me:** i don't think you do. **customer:** what!? i said i want to see your manager! **me:** yes, sir. i heard you. i just don't think it's a good idea. **customer:** get me your manager! **me:** i recommend against it. **customer:** now! okay, i tried my best. i called out to my manager, who had been listening to the whole conversation from the back room. **me:** manager, could you come out here? my boss stomped from the back room, towards the register. slowly and rhythmically, the footsteps echoed through the store. stomp.... stomp.... stomp.... the customer's eyes widened as he saw a large, angry man emerge from the back room. stomp.... stomp.... stomp.... he walked up to the customer, looked him right in the face and loudly asked **manager:** what? **customer:** err... uh... i uh... wanted to return this? **manager:** (pointing at me) well what did he tell you? **customer:** uh, well, he said no... **manager:** then what are you asking me for?? without another word, he walked quietly back to his office in the back room. i politely asked the customer if there was anything else i could help him with. the customer, said no, and quickly left. have been lurking for a while now, but finally decided to share some of my stories from 10+ years of retail. this happened a few years ago so i'll try my best to recall it as it happened. a bit of background info for context. this was in a very bilingual city (english &amp; french), with the rural areas around the city being either very english (read redneck) or very french (their own kind of special). without getting into the politics, this can sometimes cause some tension. my first language is english, but i am bilingual. i was working at a large canadian outdoor equipment retailer, in the cycling section this day. two middle age guys walk in and right from the outset i could tell this was going to be interesting. they were dressed in the equivalent of john deer t-shirts with camo hats on (one does pretty much all the talking so i'll refer to him as ch). now, if we sold hunting or fishing gear that would be one thing, but we're more of the camping/climbing/backpack around europe/yuppy store so they were a little out of place. they stroll into the bike section and i (m) greet them just as i would any customer... m: hi, can i give you a hand with anything today? ch: we need some tube patches and tubes for our bikes m: okay our patches are just over here. we walk over to the patches and i start into my spiel m: so we've got two types of patches our in-house brand at x$ and other brand at y$ i hand ch a box of each so he can check them out. all seems to be quite normal so far. ch: what is this!?!?! m: what seems to be the issue? ch (pointing to the back of the box): the instructions are in french, they're supposed to be in english! m (a little taken a back): well as you can see the instruction are just on a piece of paper sitting inside the clear box, i'm sure the other side of paper has the english instructions. ch: what are you guys trying to pull here, the english is always supposed to be first. m (seeing where this is going but trying to play it off): well these are all made in china so i'm sure some factory worker has just placed them in with no regard for what side faces out. ch: this is unacceptable, french is a second class language and should always come second to english. the government even says so. i'm quite taken aback at this and get a little bit defensive because i'm not really in the mood to tolerate discrimination. m: i have to disagree with you sir, french is not a second class language, it is protected as equal to english. ch: no, english always has to come first.... at this point one of my managers who is super nice (we'll call him sn) has been lurking and overheard that the interaction has gotten a little heated and decides to step in. i take a step back and observe. sn (in french): good afternoon gentlemen what seems to be the problem here? ch: excuse me?! at this point i can't tell if he's come over to make a point, by speaking french, or what is going through his head, but it's getting good. sn (in french again): is everything alright over here, i just thought i would see if i can assist in any way? ch: do you see a moustache on my face?!?! shit has hit the fan. sn realizes he has made a mistake, but its too late. ch storms out of the store in a huff, leaves the patches. i'm standing a ways back so sn comes over to me to debrief. sn: what just happened there? m: well, they were just saying how french is a second class language and i disagreed with them. sn: oh, i though they were saying that as french people they felt like second class citizens. m: nope, not at all. sn: so i pretty much did the worst thing possible there, didn't i? m: yep hope you enjoyed my first story. i'll share more if it does well. edit 2: ok this did much better than expected, thanks everyone! will be sure to post another one next time i get the chance. edit: formatting i am a phone solicitor. we get hired by various insurance companies to call their customers and let them know all the additional policies they are eligible for. we like to pretend that we're calling as a *service,* but yeah; we really want you to buy something. one of the redeeming qualities of my company is that we follow all telemarketing laws to the letter. this includes not arguing with people in no rebuttal states, not calling cell phones after eight 'o clock; all that good stuff. for this reason we're required to open the phone call with our full name and the name of the company we're representing, along with a warning that the call is being recorded, and close the phone call with that company's customer service number. even if the customer hangs up, you'll still find us repeating that phone number into dead air because it's a major writeup if we don't. now, my job does involve annoying a lot of people and i know that you probably just want to get off the phone with me, but i really do need to say that number. i will end the call as soon as it's out, or you can hang up on me in the middle of it, but that number is happening. i called a woman a few nights ago who, predictably, turned me down on my generous offer of supplemental health insurance. we'll call her c. since c was pretty adamant about not buying the product, i went into my courtesy close and *could've* had her off the phone in about fifteen seconds. me: "thank you for your time, and if you have any questions you can reach us at 1-800-" c: "i *don't.*" me: "that's good to hear, and our toll free number is-" c: "we are *done* here." me: "yes, ma'am, and if you ever need to contact us-" c: "we are done. hang up!" me: "of course, ma'am; our toll free number is-" c: "hang up right now!" me: "ma'am, i- i can't end this call without providing you with this number. it's 1-800-" c: "no, you will end this call now!" me: "of course, ma'am. really quickly now, that's 1-800-5-" c: "i don't want your fucking number, i want you do fucking do what i say!" me: "ma'am, i would actually be breaking laws if i didn't give you this numb-" c: "i don't want your fucking insurance, get the hell off my phone!" me: "oh...okay, ma'am; you are free to end this call at any time, so i'm going to wait a moment so you can hang up, okay?" c: "...." me: "..." c: "..." me: "we can be reached at 1-8-" c: "i told you to fucking hang up!" me: "ma'am, i *really* want to, but as i've told you; this call is being recorded for quality purposes and i need to say it for the record. you're free to end the call whenever you like, and i'll gladly get out of your hair; i just need to say that our number is 1-" c: "no! you're not going to say it! i told you not to say it!" me: "i'm very sorry, ma'am; you're under no obligation to listen to it-" c: "i told you to hang up! you **have** to hang up! me: "i will, ma'am, i *promise*; just let me say very quickly that you can reach us at-" c: "hang. the. fuck. up." me: "ma'am-" c: "get me your manager!" my manager, when given the headset, only spent a few seconds trying to reason with her before shouting the number over her protestations and hanging up on her.we just closed at 6 pm (sunday) and we're trying to get the last of the customers out. there is an old man still shopping. we turn off some lights hoping he will finish up but even with my supervisor telling him we're closed he continues to look around the aisles. it's almost 6:15 pm and he makes his way to my cash. &gt;me: hello how are you, find everything you were looking for? &gt;old man: well i would have kept shopping if you weren't closing! &gt;me: yeah sorry about that. &gt;om: i thought you guys like getting paid overtime! &gt;me: yes but unfortunately we have to close. &gt;om: when i was back in the business if a customer comes in before the store is closed and is still there, we let them shop. &gt;me: it's more so a liability issue since we are moving pallets and stock around and we don't want you to get hurt. &gt;om: well i just think you guys don't want to work! oh that's right, i don't want to go home because i don't have a life! unlike most of my memorable transactions that leave me ~this close~ to walking out, this lady made my day. i was charging in a rather blah mood today, when i notice that the customer headed for my register had thee coolest workout leggings ever. (they were superhero leggings, in case y'all are curious.) so i charge her rather small transaction while i start the small talk every customer gets. instead, it takes off into one of those "did we just become best friends??" conversations where you get along extra well. at one point, i mention her apple watch, something i've been wanting for a while now. she had it in the exact color combo that i've been after. she tells me she got it back when it was on sale. i tell her i remembered that sale and that i'd tried going after work, but that they were already sold out and they wouldn't give me a raincheck. she says, "really? hmm... they gave me one. i ended up having to drive a few cities over to pick it up, but i got it." the conversation shifts and eventually she leaves the store. i continue charging for about half an hour when she comes back in, holding up a receipt saying, "i found it, i found it!" she's saying this as she heads to my register. i'm really confused because she wasn't returning anything or had any other reason to need a receipt when she was here. &gt;me: huh? &gt;superhero lady: i found my raincheck! here, you can have it! i got two of them because i was going to buy two. it's good until the end of next month. now you can get the watch, too! in retrospect, our conversation was a bit long considering the amount of things she was purchasing and i do remember her digging through her purse for a while even though she paid pretty quickly with a debit card. i'm guessing she was trying to find it while she was at my register. it just really blows my mind that people can be this considerate. she came back in after about half an hour, maybe more, just to give me that receipt. she could've been home, or having lunch, or anywhere else. i'm sure i don't have to tell you guys how horrible people can be, especially in retail, but today i saw the other end of that spectrum. it was christmas eve, and lucky me i was organizing the dog shoes(people will steal one and only one shoe). customer: excuse me, what time do you open tomorrow? me: we're closed tomorrow, in fact we're closing in half an hour. customer: that is unacceptable! i need a manager! me: sure just a second *i flag her down from the next aisle* manager: what's the problem? customer: i want to shop tomorrow. manager: we're closed tomorrow, but you can always use our website. customer: i'll be here no matter what! the next day one associate and a manager come in for an hour to feed the animals. they hear someone banging on the door. it's the customer from yesterday. manager#2 tells her they're just feeding the animals and that the store is closed. he locks the door and gets back to work. the "customer" starts ripping at the seal around the door and kicking the glass. the police were called and they took her away in handcuffs. i'm sure she had a lovely christmas. we had holiday hours posted since halloween.this happened about a year and a half ago. i used to be a studio photographer. one day a mother and her two teenagers came into the studio for basic school pictures. no problem. school pictures and business pictures are some of the easiest. we pick backgrounds and i start with her younger daughter(about 14 years old) i usually take 3 different pictures to start, all at different angles. i then ask which angle they like best and they would like me to retake it. &gt; mom: no, i don't like any of those. i take several more. again, none of them are 'good.' i spend 20+ minutes with this mom and daughter trying to get a good one for them. the mom even got some old school pictures out and showed me what she liked. 40+ pictures later mom still hates every picture. the mom tells me, &gt; you're not really 'our' photographer, can we have her take them? (pointing to my manager) i go get my manager and explain the situation. (she was very busy and couldn't really take the session, but the mom insisted) my manager goes into the session to take over. she takes another 30+ minutes taking pictures of the daughter(and another 15 to take pictures of the older son) mom takes an additional 20 minutes to order(not abnormal) and they leave. after they leave my manager tells me about the conversation they had after not getting a good picture of the daughter. &gt; manager: i'm not completely sure what you are wanting done differently. &gt; mom: it's nothing you're doing. she's just at this really awkward stage right now, and i really don't like her face.this story takes place ~3 years ago. it happened 3 months after i was hired (at the gym). now, i had always known that something was off with my boss. she was truly a psycho. she constantly screamed at her employees and did some things against company policy (stealing, etc.). all the employees (there were about 12 of us) had enough and reported her. she ended up receiving a call from her boss one day, letting her know that he was going to come in and talk to her. cue the story... *i was working with my co-worker that day. my boss came in very late, with her children (3 and 5). she immediately started yelling at me that i needed to babysit and feed her children, while i was overseeing the desk. i was bewildered by her request, but too afraid to say anything about it.* &gt; boss: nepotismx, my boss is coming down to the office today. do you have any idea why he might be coming???? i think you and everyone else have been scheming behind my back!!! &gt; me: uhm, i know nothing about that. &gt; boss: we will see! i know you must have told him i stole the money from the fundraiser! how could you be such a backstabbing bitch to me?!?!?!?!?! you are out to get me fired! &gt; me: uh... &gt; co-worker: uh, we really have no clue about any of that. &gt; boss: well you just watch! i will not be fired! *she walked to her office and slammed her door shut. meanwhile, her kids were fussing and my co-worker and i are trying to help customers as well. suddenly the front desk phone rings, and i answer it.* &gt; me: hello, nepotismx speaking. how may i he- &gt; boss: nepotismx, i did it! i am going to commit suicide!!!! i just took all of my prescription drugs. the entire bottle! i hope you feel guilty because this is all your fault. you and the other workers!!! &gt; me: are you joking??????? co-worker, the boss is attempting to commit suicide!!!! &gt; co-worker: what?!?!?!??! omg let me call 911! *my co-worker and i rushed into the boss' office (we left her kids at the desk, with a customer).* &gt; me: what did you take?? the paramedics are on their way! &gt; boss: i took the entire bottle!! i bet you feel sorry now! *she gets out of her office and onto the gym floor and starts announcing to all the customers that the paramedics are coming for her because she is about to die. chaos breaks loose, people are bewildered, confused, and ambushing my co-worker and i about wtf is happening.* &gt; co-worker: boss, get back in your office! your kids are going to see all of this! &gt; boss: i do not care! i hate all of you! everyone here! you are all backstabbing bitches! *the paramedics arrived and took her out on a stretcher. she ended up making it through, however she lost her job and caused everyone to feel disturbed for quite a while. to this day, i have never had a boss quite like her.* this isn't my story; this one is from my customer service manager in a store i where i used to work. many years ago, she worked in a store in a big regional town in the north west of australia, and witnessed this little spectacle. also, some coarse language. so this is a big supermarket, and very busy. the express checkout was set out in such a way that everybody lines up in one long queue and gets called to the next available register. it's the middle of summer, so it's hot, like 45°c/115°f+. there's one poor mum, with a toddler who has been a little jerk all through the store, tantrums, screaming, the whole bit. terrible twos or some such. mum and kiddo line up in the express queue, kid still shrieking, and mum has enough. it's hot, she's tired, she's over it. she gives the kid a swift smack on the bottom. the screaming stops, and mum gets a few moments of piece. the woman behind her sniffs, and says very haughtily: "in germany, we don't smack our children." mum turns around and yells at her: "yeah, well in australia we don't gas our fucking jews!" you could have heard a pin drop. the store goes dead silent, and neither the german woman nor angry aussie mum say another word to each other. our store closed at 8pm christmas eve, and at 7:45 pm this man comes up to me panicked asking me where we had a rc starwars toy. as i was well aware we were sold out for over a week on the item i told him this. he asks me to check the back, and i tell him it would be no use as we had not gotten any in all week, and there was no freight coming in on christmas eve. the man looks at me dead in the eye, and told me i was heartless, and ruined his childs christmas. this of course is not the first time i had been told this, and won't be the last time either. since i looked like i was not worried about this the man stormed off, and demanded a manager fire me for ruining his kids christmas. which did not happen. my manager told me i should at least look sorry, and i told him i would if i was, but it is not my fault he waited until 15 minutes from our closing time to go christmas shopping for his kids presents. i am not responsible for his poor planning, and said piss poor planning on his part does not constitute an emergency on mine. the manager quipped back. damn i forgot you are a military brat. i laughed as he told me to just keep cleaning up. tl;dr. man waited 15 minutes until store closed to shop for his kids christmas presents we were sold out of a toy he wanted. i got blamed for ruining christmas. because i did not look sorry he told a manager to fire me. did not work out the way he wanted. i work for a chain which has just a few stores open nationwide. this means that the corporate ladder isn't that high, and that store managers have a lot of freedom to exercise their own judgement. this can be awesome, or it can really suck; it depends on whose side the manager is on. here is something that scared the crap out of me. this story takes place on a tuesday morning. our store opens at 9:00 am, and at 9:10, our first customer walks in (from now on referred to as al for angry lady). i'm just chilling at the register, since there's not too much to do at the moment, and she's walking around the store looking at items. this is when another customer walks in and comes up to me. he's a regular, so we exchange pleasantries. he has some questions about a product, so i talk to him about it, and answer all his questions. he says thank you and leaves. this all takes about 10 minutes, so the time is now 9:20. after he leaves, al comes up to the counter, looking pissed off. &gt; al: how come i had to wait so long? &gt; *wut? she wasn't anywhere near the counter, or even in my field of view. how the hell am i supposed to know that she wanted help?* &gt; me: i'm sorry, i didn't know you were waiting to be helped. i can check out your items right now. &gt; al: this is unacceptable, i'm a very busy woman, and you people shouldn't waste my time like this. &gt; me. i'm very sorry, i'll try and get you checked out as soon as possible. &gt; al: let me talk to your manager. you need to be more professional. &gt; *what the hell lady? if you're busy, just let me check out your items, and then leave.* &gt; me: sure, i can get my manager for you. but if you're in a hurry, i can get all your stuff checked out right away. &gt; al: nope, i want to speak to your manager. &gt; *now, just to set the scene, my manager is 6'3", and built like an ox. if he's mad, you'd better hope that it's not at you. i page the manager, and he comes over.* &gt; mg: what can i help you with? &gt; al: this is unacceptable. i've been waiting here for 45 minutes, and i've received no help from your employee. you need to hire more professional people. &gt; *mg gets a really stony look.* &gt; mg: i'm so sorry ma'am, that certainly is unacceptable. throw-three, why has this lady been waiting for so long? &gt; me: well, i was just helping ano- &gt; mg: no, that is just not acceptable. were you the one who locked up last night? &gt; *all of my wat. and yes, i lock up every night.* &gt; me: well yes, but what has this got to do with- &gt; mg: well, then we're going to have to fire you. &gt; *at this point, i had no fucking idea what was going on. i really had no idea what to say, so i just kind of stood there with my mouth open. mg then turned and started talking to al.* &gt; mg: i'm so sorry, we open at 9:00, and it's 9:20 right now, so if you've been waiting for 45 minutes, then clearly throw-three did not lock up correctly last night. this is a huge security risk for the company, and he needs to be fired. can i have you sign documents confirming that you were able to walk into the store outside operating hours? &gt; *ho. lee. shit. this was around the time that i closed my mouth. al looked perturbed.* &gt; al: no, i'm late. i'll just come back later. and with that, she walked out of the door, leaving her items on the counter. my manager just grinned at me, and went back to his office. that was one of the wtf moments i've had working there. i went from [bored --&gt; annoyed --&gt; confused --&gt; scared --&gt; angry --&gt; happy] in the span of like 2 minutes. at least my manager has my back.just for some background, i have a skin condition which means that the top layer of my skin is often very sore-looking and cracked in places. however this is totally non-contagious and doesn't pose a risk to anyone beyond looking bad. i was working the till today when a man in his 50s came up to the till. i'm me, customer is grumpy man or gm. &gt;me: good afternoon! did you find everything you were looking for? &gt;gm: *remains silent* &gt;me: &lt;puts everything through till, gives total. puts hand out for money he was giving me&gt; &gt; gm: disgusting that is... &gt;me: sir? &gt;gm: *points at hand* you, your hand. you shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a till like that. why don't you try washing them?! he then proceeds to go off on a rant about it for a good minute, making a number of very insensitive remarks about me, before mocing down the counter to pack his stuff. at this point i felt terrible and i was doing everything to not break down into tears in front of everyone. now behind him was a kid who can't have been more than 7 or 8. i could see him watching this man and then me. then he started rather loudly asking his mum: &gt;kid: mummy, why is the man being mean? he's being mean to the lady! people shouldn't be mean. now at this the man turned back round to face the till and was giving this kid filthy looks. then the kid studies my hand and comes out with: &gt; scales! cool, you've got snake power! i love kids. certainly cheered me up if anything else. i work as a cashier at a high end grocery store in a very affluent area. most of our customers are young professionals and wealthy older people, most of whom are wonderful, easy-going, all-around nice people. but, as with any retail establishment, we have several customers that would best be described as "devil-spawn", or "intolerable buttheads" earlier this week, our store was experiencing its daily midday rush and i was on a register, trying to funnel the hungry mobs and their bags full of kale out the door as quickly as possible. despite how busy we were, i do my best to make friendly, albeit brief, conversation with everyone who comes through my line. smiling and being personable, i've found, tends to make the whole checkout process much more pleasant for everyone involved. i was ringing up a young couple and their extremely polite 7 year old son. i jokingly told the boy that he should apply for a job, his parents laughed saying that he could finally start paying them the rent he owed them. i laughed too, saying something about children being terrible roommates, and soon sent them on their way. after everything was finished, the older blonde woman behind them in line began chatting with me as i scanned and bagged her groceries. besides me telling her that she looked nice today, our conversation was pretty typical- some benign discussion of the weather and other standard small-talk. i handed over her receipt and told her to enjoy the rest of her day. then she surprised me by asking if there was a manager available to speak to. (c: customer, m: me) &gt;m: *pointing to my manager behind the customer service desk* that's (manager's name) right over there, she can take care of pretty much anything you need. have a good one! &gt;c: thank you, i just wanted to discuss my experience here today. uh oh. in my experience, customers only ask to speak to a manager if they want to complain about an employee or some perceived injustice. at this point i'm replaying our interaction in my head, trying to pinpoint exactly what had happened that upset her. as she made her way to the cs counter, i began to clean my workstation, trying to subtly keep an eye on the conversation between her and my boss. though just barely in my peripheral vision, i saw the woman point a finger in my direction, causing my heart to momentarily stop. my manager nodded some kind of agreement and the woman walked out of the store. at this point i was terrified, worried that i had said or done something worthy of being reprimanded without even realizing it. i looked over at my manager, giving her a quizzical look, doing my best to remain cool. she made her way towards me, every footstep causing anxious beads of sweat to gather around my collar. &gt;m: *using the most nonchalant tone i could muster* what was that all about? &gt;manager: well, she just wanted to tell me that you were doing a great job and that she wished everyone she met was as friendly and enjoyable as you and that this is her favorite high-end grocery location because of how helpful our staff is. so keep up the good work! relief washed over me so quickly i felt dizzy. &gt;m: that was sweet of her. i thought i'd managed to piss her off somehow. &gt;manager: i thought you looked worried, haha. she also wanted me to give you this. she handed me a gift card with a small, hand-written note folded around it. the note read: "thank you for making me smile! enjoy lunch on me today. god bless." even writing this story, i still can't believe anyone could capable of being so generous ($15 gift card? that's lunch all week!) and appreciative of just a few nice words and a smile. it's always nice to know that not everyone thinks of retail workers as mindless drones, put upon this earth to serve them. tl;dr: i was nice to a customer, and she payed for my lunch for a week. this is another tfr of my time at [sub restaurant]. i had been there a little under a year and had become the opener. basically this meant that i was there about 2 hours before we opened with the manager on duty - usually the store manager. this new girl(ng) had been hired over summer break and this was her first job. obviously we didn't expect her to know much about working a job and told her that small mistakes were fine so long as she learned from them. well...we were in for a fun ride. **day 1** ng requested to come in at 1:00 instead of the usual time of 11:00 because she had one last class to finish. no problem! lunch rush will be done and there will be plenty of downtime to train her. she arrived at 1:10 saying her car broke down and she had to get a ride. no problem! sometimes thing just happen that are out of our control. rest of the day goes by without incident. **day 2** ng calls off because she needs to go get her car fixed. usually not a problem because, again, things happen and she needed that car to get to work. problem was she called 15 minutes after she was scheduled to come in. **day 3** we are finally able to start some real training. i am showing ng how to do stuff in the back of the house. the things the customers don't want to see and we are making small talk. i mention that i am the opener and she hits me with this... &gt;ng: i think i would be a great opener! this job doesn't seem too hard. &gt;me: i was here a year before they would even consider letting me be the opener. first thing you need to do is learn these lower jobs and prove you can do them. **day 4** friday. our busy day. ng was going to be our sub runner - easiest job in the store, call name and sub and bring to table - so myself and the more experienced employees could focus on making the subs. she calls and says she can't make it because her friend invited her to a party. when did she call? 20 minutes *before her shift was supposed to end!* at this point, the store manager was ready to fire her but decided to give her another chance. **day 5** ng calls about an hour before her shift - progress at last!(sarcasm) - to tell us she can't make it that day. well, that is it. the store manager has had it! so she tells ng that she is fired. she cannot be counted on for anything and that she needs to learn how to work before she can get a job. ng begs for one last chance. the store manager agrees but tells her that if she calls off again that she is fired. **day 6** yep...you guessed it. called off about an hour into her scheduled shift. when she dropped off her uniform, she said she had no idea why she was fired. &gt;ng: i mean, i can't be expected to just end my social life. my friends are more important than any job. why can't the store manager see that? &gt;me: ...get out. just get out. that experience made me die a little inside. tl;dr: girl calls off 4 out of the 6 days she officially worked for the restaurant and wonders why she got fired. update: wow! never thought this story would be so popular. edit: formattinghi again tfr. the more grocery-store cashiers i read about, the more memories i am reminded of during my years in that special circle of hell. i was reminded of my very favorite (hated) customer. as i mentioned in my ["bad shrimp"]( story earlier - our grocery store had a very lenient policy on returning food. the day steak man arrived was the day it was truly tested. &gt;sm: hello, i would like to return some steaks, they were too fatty. &gt;me: certainly, do you have your receipt? &gt;sm: (in a challenging tone) no i do not. &gt;me: okay, that's alright, do you have the steaks? &gt;sm: no. they were too fatty. they were about $40, can you just give me that? &gt;me: well. sir, i can't process your return if i have no proof of you purchasing the steak. anything would do. even the styrofoam packaging? &gt;sm: are you stupid or something? no. we cooked the steaks yesterday, ate them, and realized they were too fatty. they were new york strips. (i decide to ignore the fact that ny strips are known for, well, the strip of fat along the side, and pick the better low-hanging fruit) &gt;me: sir, let me make sure i get this: you bought steaks, cooked them, ate them in their entirety, then decided afterwards you wanted a refund? &gt;sm: yes. they were about $40, cash please. &gt;me: sorry sir..if you ate the steaks, and have no receipt or proof of purchase, i cannot refund you, i am sorry (was not sorry). for purposes of length i won't go further, but we spent a solid 10 minutes (200 years in retail-life) going back and forth on this return. finally, the manager is free to come over and talk to steak man. manager explains the same thing to steak man, and apologies (is not sorry). steak man does this weird angry-man scream and storms away. you would think that would be the end of it, right? of course not. five minutes later i see steak man making a beeline for my counter. &gt;sm: i want a refund, the soda machine ate my dollar. &gt;me: sorry sir, we have no control over the vending machines. i did not know it was acting up, so i'll go put an out-of-order sign, but you'll have to take up the refund with &lt;vending machine company&gt;. sm proceeds to fly off the handle in a rage, talking about how we're trying to scam him, that we rigged the soda machine *on purpose* to get him back for just trying to get a refund. threats to management, threats to corporate, blahblahblah. as he's ranting, i reached for my wallet. &gt;sm: what are you doing? &gt;me: &lt;pulls out $1 and hands it to sm&gt; here, sir. if i give you a dollar, will you leave? you will have nothing left to complain about, and this is getting exhausting. mr. steak man (smugly!) took my dollar and left without a word. i never saw him again after that. **tl;dr paid a customer to leave me alone.** edit: linked my story, thanks for the tip!this is why i hate 13-16 year old girls even though i was one of them at one time years ago. i'm a manager at a local clothing store here, and at the age of 24 i feel like i'm not as inpatient with younger customers as the older people are that work there. so there i was, standing at the front desk because we were short handed and i watched the desk to let the other girl take lunch. nothing is really happening besides a group of young teen girls come in with 2 older women who i assumed was moms and i pay no attention to them because what problems could they really cause. i see them just grabbing all types of clothes and going to try them on. they come out and continue browsing our wonderful selection but didn't bring the clothes back out with them. a pain in my ass but not really that big of a deal, and i was in a good mood that day. out of the corner of my eye i see them taking shirts, holding them up to see how they would look, and then discarding them onto the floor. but i am still in a good mood, so i simply say "hey" to get their attention, and when they look at me, i simply say "don't do that, c'mon be cool". 5 minutes later i see them doing the same shit, so i walk over and tell them that if they don't stop i will have no choice but to make them leave. nothing was getting me down that day! a few more minutes pass and i see them kind of hiding behind displays, and they are doing the same exact shit. i mean c'mon! i spot their mothers on the other side of the store so i figure i will stop it all right now, by going over their head. i approach these woman and this is the conversation: m1=mom 1, m2=mom 2 me: excuse me, ladies? m1: oh we don't need any help me: ok, but i am here to tell you that the young ladies you came in here with are about to be kicked out if they don't stop throwing the merchandise in the floor. simple enough. i walk back to the desk and see them approaching the teenage brats, and i go about my business. m1, and m2 approach the desk and have some pissed off looks on their faces. m2: how dare you tell these girls that you would kick them out of the store me: i told them to stop twice m1: it still gives you no right m2: this isn't your store, i want to speak with the manager me: ok then, how can i help you? m1: by getting the manager me: that's me m2: you know you don't have to be such a smart ass! all you had to do was watch the girls and they probably wouldn't have done it me: but that's not my job. m1: yeah well we are leaving right now and we will not ever come back here again, you lost 2 customers! me: have a nice day! :) this is the reason i hate teenagers and their stupid parents(not all parents, just the stupid ones) but it always helps to smile as you wave goodbye, even when they give you the finger. so i used to work in a store that sold used comic books. a great abundance of used comics. sometimes our stock would get so overcrowded that we would clear them out with a "buy ten get ten free" deal. they were all $1-$2 so it's not like we lost that much in sales. it was a good way to clear inventory. as you can imagine, comic nerds (like myself) saw it as a great way to get 20 comics for $10. and some comic nerds (not like myself) saw it as a chance to get 100 comics for $50. a customer rolls in with his mountain of white cardboard-backed comics from the 70's-90's and i stare down the tower. then i stare at him. impressed that he would go through the effort of sorting through the bins to draw such a massive amount. i know that this would be a test. a test of my efficiency and a customer's patience. then i tell him the bad news. "i'm going to have to scan all of these individually." you see, our used comics aren't all under one single barcode. there are several scattered about, and in order to keep inventory clear, we have to scan every comic as a separate line item. if i just scanned one and set it as 100, it would create a massive disparity in our inventory. he looks at me, and he tells me "i understand." a formality, to be sure. for even good men have their breaking points. so i start scanning. ten normally, then ten that i have to go and manually reduce the price to 0. one by one. ten normal. ten reduced. ten normal. ten reduced. at around 57 comics scanned in, our old, clunky, windows xp-operated register system... crashes. freezes up. i'll have to redo the entire ticket. rescan all those comics i had sorted into neat piles. i look at the customer and i tell him. "i'm sorry, my system crashed. i'm gonna have to redo all of this." i await the fury. the cursing, the anger, the impatience. it would be justified. it's taken a long time to even come this far, and i had barely crossed the halfway point. however, he looks at me, his eyes cloudy with visions of 80's wolverine and 90's batman, and he tells me. "alright." and here, my friends, i tell you that on this day, in a transaction that took over 30 minutes to clear, a customer did not lose their patience, nor blame a sales associate for technical malfunctions. on this day, a customer knew the great burden they were pushing onto a sales associate and said "let my quiet understanding be the support to help you through this difficult time." in a world where others may fly into a rage over a mis-swiped credit card, there was one who understood. on this day, a customer and a sales associate became brothers in blood. godspeed, purchaser of 100 comics. may your boxes bulge with paper and ink. may your shelves grow heavy and buckle under the weight of superheroes.i work in an adult shop in a predominantly gay area of my city. i have done a few stories. you can find them [here]( todays tale is kind of hard. it was one that really tugged at my heart strings and left me wondering if i could have done more. i have a pretty laid back and accepting attitude to people and to sexuality. i have friends who are gay, lesbian, trans etc. i suppose this comes in handy in my job and in the area of town in which i work but events over the last few weeks have left me wishing that i could do more. still not sure what 'more' i could have done though. a couple of weeks ago two young men (20 and 21) entered the shop. we got to chatting and one bought a few items. came up in the conversation that they were part of the furry community. furries are a community of people who like to become animal alter egos of sorts. they have an animal that is their 'other side'. this may involve sex play. one of the young men was very vocal about his sexual exploits but the other young man was very quiet and unassuming. kind of out of nowhere the quiet young man who shall be henceforth be known as furry said 'i don't really like sex'. me 'really?' furry 'no, i just don't get any thrill out of it.' me 'well, you are still young. you just may not have found the things you like yet.' furry 'i don't like sex. i am only ever comfortable in my furry outfit. in fact i hate my penis.' ok then .... what does one say to this?? me 'so i suppose in your outfit you can just be asexual? you don't have to be a boy. you can just be your character? right?' furry 'hey, you get it! yeah, that is exactly how it is.' me 'and i suppose if you hate your penis, why would you want to be involved in an act like sex in which it plays kinda the main role?' furry 'hey, you really do get it!' me 'darl, have you ever heard of gender identity issues?' furry 'yeah, and before you say more, yeah i think i do have some issues.' me 'have you talked to someone about it?' furry 'no not really. it's kind of hard. how do you talk about this to someone?' me 'i think you should. and it should be someone other than an old broad like me in an adult shop. you do know that there are places around here where you can talk to people just like you don't you? you are not alone in this.' furry 'yeah, i suppose.' me 'how about your family? have you spoken to them?' furry 'no. it is kind of hard, you know?' me 'yeah i get it but i really think you should get some help because it sounds to me like you are talking sex change. am i getting this right?' furry 'yeah you are. i really want to be a girl. i want my penis gone. it shouldn't be there.' i went to my trusty smart phone and immediately looked up a few numbers i knew for groups and help. gave him all the details and made him promise to call and talk to someone. before he left the shop i came out from behind my counter and he extended his hand to thank me. i pulled him into a hug and said 'hey, i am a hugger' as i gave him a big hug. his face lit up and he said 'so am i!!' well today he came back. he was alone this time and came to tell me that he has his first appointment with a counselor tomorrow. he plans (at this stage) to go through the entire gender reassignment process. who knows, it may change with counseling but at least he is getting some help and has someone a little more qualified to talk to than me. he also told me his girls name that he intends to use. it was a lovely name. edit: wow i did not expect this response and to the person who gave me gold i am ever so grateful. actually got tears in my eyes reading the comments. and to have this reposted in the furry subreddit as well! reddit is just awesome and again, thanks ...... edit 2. just in the door from work and am amazed at the response this has received. i sincerely thank all those who have made such lovely comments about me. i just wanted to give some background about myself. i have grown up with a lot of glbtiq friends. i have been lucky in life in this regard because it has taught me tolerance and acceptance. not just of people's sexual preferences but of all things in life. this when i have two brothers who are homophobic and racist and a mother who still asks me why i hang around with 'those kinds of people'. i am also lucky in that my gorgeous man is the same as me. i have lost friends to aids and have friends who are hiv positive. i have lost friends to suicide because they thought no one was there for them when they 'came out'. my attitude has also helped with my current job. ok. it is a pretty dead end job in many respects but it does allow me to meet some really amazing people. i was looking out at the rainbow flags lining the street where i work today and thinking about the comments i had read this morning and i was wishing the world was more like reddit. you all seem to be so accepting. spread the love people. listen to your friends. give them a shoulder to cry on or a hug if they need it. celebrate diversity people because lets face it, if we were all the same the world would be an awfully boring place! i work as an assistant manager for a local business that has done pretty well throughout the years, we have a couple locations in town/surrounding areas. we do a lot of buy/sell/trade so we don't always attract the most pleasant customers. today, i was helping a older gentleman (in his 40s-50s) and during the entire time, he kept slipping in little remarks about my appearance, about how beautiful i was. i just kept ignoring him, or cutting him off with work related questions. finally, he's ready to check out. so i ring him up and i'm the process of handing his cash back when he comments to my coworker: "i don't know how you could get any work done with such a beautiful woman distracting you. if i were you, i'd have her in the back bent over...." i stopped him there. i told him he had found the line and crossed it, that he was being disrespectful and offensive. he told me "so? you're a woman and i'm a man, that's what we do." me: "regardless of how you feel, you don't need to vocalize it, its offensive and i have no interest in hearing it. please take your things and leave, you are no longer welcome at my store." he stormed off in a huff, oblivious to any wrong he had done.i work for a restaurant chain. my job at this chain is to go around to tables, make sure their tv's are on the right channel, make nice with the customers, and provide backup for servers. so i'm doing my thing enjoying my evening when my manager comes up to me and discreetly motions toward a table in the dining room, and tells me to make sure that that table is happy and attended to the entire time that they are there. so i walk over and give my usual huge hello and smile and ask them how they are doing, the response: "were about ready to walk out" says the father. the mother says nothing, the kids say nothing. "well im sorry to hear that and im gonna do everything i can to make sure the rest of your visit is fantastic" i say. i like bad customers. i thrive on them. a good challenge provides some spice to the day. i'm ready for this. i check on them about once every five minutes for the next half an hour. each time i go check on this table, i get a dirty look from the dad, and an increasingly cheerful yet still dismissive response from the mom. thats cool, as long as they're happy, im happy. i take pride in my job and as long as they are enjoying themselves its no skin off my nose. so i go to another table and start schmoozing them, were getting a good conversation going, and as im talking, i feel a kid tug on my arm, and tells me he wants to take the challenge. "boom, i think. this family is willing to pay to let their six year old eat obnoxiously hot chicken wings, therefore they are enjoying themselves, therefore we have brownnosed our way out of the woods." i excuse myself from the table i was talking to and approach the original family with the required waiver. they sign it. 5 minutes later, the wings come out of the deep fryer. normally, i make it my goal to leave no more than about 180 seconds between deep fryer and mouth when it comes to this challenge, but this kid looks about six years old, and im gonna give him a break, so i let those wings sit for a good 5 or 6 more minutes to cool down. i lay the wings down on the table, hop on the microphone, rally the restaurant. "attention non-equity chicken wings chain restaurant, we have our first non equity hot chicken wings challenge of the night, tell them how old you are bud!" (i hold the microphone to the kids face, which i never do, but i figure im going all out for this table. if i keep this up, i might get a kudos email) and he goes "im six years old!" the restaurant goes nuts. this could not be going better. this kid is ballsy as hell, they are getting all kinds of good attention from the whole dining room and restaurant. were good. i start the timer, the kid takes one bite and gives up. i'm not suprised at all. but all of a sudden the mom starts insisting that the wings were too hot (temperature hot) and that it wasnt fair. so i offer to let him try again with the same wing basket once they cool down, but the kids done. so mom decides its her turn. (by the way we never ever ever ever ever let people attempt the challenge when someone has already tried with that basket. its not fair to other challengers, but at this point im willing to do anything to keep this family happy). so here i am back on the microphone "alright guys, carlito is done challenging for the night, but thats okay, because his mom gladys is gonna take up the torch and finish them for him!" again, crowd: nuts. still killing the game. i hit the timer, she takes one bite. done. hop on the mic again, and get both carlito and gladys two more rounds of applause. i come back about ten minutes later to hand out some high fives and congratulate them for trying, and the mom tells me that it would absolutely make this kids day if he could get a t shirt "just for trying" the t shirts are for people who actually do the challenge, and i have definitely told people who missed their time on the stop watch by all of about 2 seconds that they would be going home shirtless, but for this lady, i went and asked my manager, who gave me the go ahead. i come back with the shirt, display it proudly for the table, they are all smiling, and i give it to the kid. the kid was happy. but now his brother and sister want to try for the shirt. i immediately see where this is going. this lady is about to make me sit there and watch each of her kids take one bite of spicy wings, give them each a shirt, and if not then shes gonna fuss. i tell her no, unfortunately its against the rules for me to let more than one person attempt the challenge on one basket of wings. and she goes with kind of a "im-doing-this-to-benefit-you-because-you-are-completely-at-my-mercy" smirk "were just trying to save you guys wings is all." and then it hits me. this lady things that the challenge is free. its not. its not even free if you finish your wings on time. i have never suggested on the microphone or at any point that its free. and the waiver that she has now signed twice has disclosed that she will be paying for it. nothing, nobody, no where has made any indication that these wings are free. and im about to get lit up for it when shes figures it out. so in preparation i retreat to the kitchen, because i've run out of ideas. by the time i come back out, this table is looking angrily at their tickets. i try to sneak by them on my lap around the dining room but she stops me and demands "why weren't we disclosed that we would be charged for the challenge" at this point my creativity is about nil, so i just say "its on the waiver you signed." instead of "so let me get this straight, you thought the wings were free, even though nobody here even finished them, under which circumstances it might be understandable that you would think you might get free wings, but because you signed a waiver, you acknowledge that that is not the case, and you're still walking out of here with a t shirt that you didnt earn". i hand the dad the waiver, he goes up to my manager and hands her his ticket with cash and twenty dollars missing and says " if you dont like this, you can shove it wherever you want". which causes my manager to calmly and cooly ask one of the cashiers to get down their license plate info. say what you want about this manager. shes not popular. but she's certainly no easy floozy. five minutes later, gladys is back in the restaurant with a twenty dollar bill in her hand backpedaling like a mom who is afraid to get arrested for theft in front of her kids. "just take the money, we dont want any confrontation, we have our kids in the car." last thing i hear my manager say, just as calmly is: "keep your money. we wont call the police, but we still reserve the right to refuse service." here's a tale from the customer side. i worked retail for many years and know the "big box" system pretty well. i always have a receipt for my returns, exercise patience with new people, and say thank you to those that help me. i never thought i would have to resort to violence. yesterday was i was wrong. i am at a very busy home improvment store that has two returns lines. it is father's day and the store is packed. my return is a snap ring plier set that broke on first use. i was just going to exchange it for the same product. i had my receipt and had waited about 10 minutes in line for my turn. three people in front of me was a beligerent gentleman of color. he was returning a sump pump that was not working. it was also covered in what looked to be dried sewage and smelled horrible. the guy did not have a receipt and they called up the plumbing manager for assistance. this took a good five minutes and the guy was starting to get more and more agitated. the manager arrived and got his story. his sewer line broke and backed up into his basement. he was using a standard sump pump used for keeping ground water pumped out to pump out raw sewage. this won't work as it is not designed for that. the manager explained this and looked at the pump. it was not even one they sold. he didn't buy it there. the manager said there was nothing they could do for him except sell him a sewage pump. the guy didn't take this well and started screaming profanities and questioning the plumbing manager's mother's heritage. the manager walked away and left the guy there with his horrible smelling pump. the next two people get thier returns done and the guy is still there getting madder and muttering something under his breath. it's my turn for returns and the cashier is visibly upset and shaking. the other return person called for a store manager. as i'm starting my return the guy interrupts and yells, "bitch, get the fucking manager up here before i start killing mutha fucka's up in here." he is litterally less than two feet from me. i turned and said hey there is no need for that. he then said, "ima startin' with you" and reached under his shirt. i snapped and hit him square in the face. he dropped everything and was on the floor. i got on top of him and pinned his arms down. another customer ran over and from behind me sees a gun in his wasteband and grabs it to keep it away from the guy. the manager arrived and some others had already called 911. i stayed on top the guy for a good 20 minutes until the police arrived. in that time the guy tried everything to get away. he struggled, threatened me, my family, tried kicking out, anything but i kept him pinned. the police got there and cuffed him and me. once witnesses got the police informed of the real story i was let go. come to find out this guy was a gang member, with two warrants for two separate murders. he likely would have killed me and a few others with me. they said he likely wouldn't be prosecuted for this incident since he has two murder charges already. happy father's day! tl;dr: stopped a shooting at the hardware store.long time lurker, first time poster in talesfromretail. i'm sure most people in this sub know by now but for those who don't, in the uk as of october 2015, any business with over 250 employees have to charge 5p for plastic bags. so i work in a store in the uk that sells games, accessories and things of that nature. i had just finished serving a lady who was buying sims 3 on 360 for her daughter, transaction was smooth, said thanks and they left. about 30 seconds later a guy comes in with the game presumably to be a husband. lawyer guy: got a bag for this? me: sure it'll be 5p lawyer guy: no it won't, i'll take one for free me: i'm afraid i can't as its against the law, we have to charge for them. lawyer guy: you can't charge me if the bag has the companies logo on it (not true) i'm a lawyer i know about these things. me: still have to charge you 5p. lawyer guy: fine i'll have a refund then. me: sure if you have the receipt so i can process it through the till. he then walks outside the shop and gives the game to his wife who i had served previously, she walks in and asks "is it 5p?" so i told her he wanted a refund and she rolled her eyes, sighed, paid for the bag, said thanks and walked out. the one thing that baffled me out of all of this is, why would you boast to me that you're a lawyer earning god knows how much money whilst complaining about something so trivial as a 5p bag? i am a courtesy clerk at a grocery store. i was sweeping the floor when a customer asked me if i could get him some bottles from the liquor cabinet. i smile and escort him to the alcohol isle. once there i follow the policies like normal, stand between him and the liquor once opened, never let go of the bottle, and close the cabinet immediately. after doing all this i turn around to inform him that i have to bring the bottle directly to the check stand and he can meet me there to purchase it. i'm unable to finish my sentence before receiving a swift left hook to the face. i was out for only about 3 seconds. the first thing i see after i look up is my assailant lying face down a few feet away from me, the bottle smashed all over the floor. my managers and the security guard check up on me and grab the very delirous shoplifter. now here's the kicker, about an hour later we're checking camera's to figure out what happened and: after punching me, the guy tried to run and tripped on my leg, falling face first and knocking himself out. worth.i worked for [fast food chain] several years ago. i was on the closing crew. my location would stop taking new orders at 9:30 and close the doors at 10:00. this particular night wasn't interesting, just cleaning up the dining room as the last few stragglers left. it was 10:00, so i decided to start locking up. as i'm closing the front door, a car screeches into the parking lot. a woman jumps out and charges towards the entrance, flailing her arms and yelling incoherently. i had already removed the doorstop, so the door was slowly swinging closed. at the last second, the screaming lady (sl) jams her foot in the door to prevent it from closing. sl: "iwannasandwich!" me: "uh... i'm sorry ma'am, but we close at 10." sl: "but it's not 10:00! see?" she shoves her phone in my face. the display reads 9:59. i don't say anything. the cashier girl (cg) up front is watching this exchange with amusement. sl shoves past me and half-jogs, half-trips her way to the front counter. sl: "i want a sandwich!" cg: "ma'am, we're closed." sl: "but it's only 9:59!" at this point, it's 10:01. cg explains that the grills are turned off, the bread has been put away, the dishes have been cleaned, and the kitchen crew is going home. sl grumbles under her breath and asks if she can use the bathroom. after she left, i found that she had unrolled the entire roll of toilet paper and smeared soap all over the counter and mirror.longtime lurker, first time poster. let me preface this story by explaining somethings. i'm a biker, beard, long hair, tattoos, leather jacket, the works. basically a scary looking guy who just so happens to work overnights at (insert convenience store here) it's about 2 in the morning and i'm by myself tonight, so i take advantage of my free time and go out for a smoke with my jacket on(covering my uniform and name tag).in comes a car full of high school kids(now referred to as hsk) speeding through the lot. they pull up to me and this exchange occurs, hsk "hey can we bum a smoke off you?" me "can i see an id real quick?" hsk "why do you need to know how old we are?" me "i'm not giving smokes to kids." they then proceed to walk past me into the store where i see them standing at the counter looking for the clerk. i put out my cigarette and walk in the store and then behind the counter, making eye contact with the embarrassed kids. me " what smokes you guys want? " hsk (insert generic smoke brand) me" ok can i see some id?" they then ran out out of the store calling me enough obscenities to make a sailor blush. i'll never understand some people. greetings, tfr! it's dpnovitzky, back again with another rousing tale from the auto sales part of retail. so park your butts on the floor, chair, heck, stand there if you want! it's story time! dramatis personae *** awesome dad........................................................robert downey, jr. spoiled brat...........................................................julia childs me........................................................................john cho we now join our hero as he attempts to ~~beat his head into the desk~~ sell sb a vehicle... *** &gt;me (standing next to a used 2012 bmw 328xi coupe): as you can see, this is going to be the best fit for your budget and needs, not to mention some of the high end features you were looking for. &gt;sb: i don't want a used car, i only get new cars. &gt;dad (giving me an exasperated look): sweetie, i don't know what your mom told you, but i am not buying you a new car. besides, you don't get any cars. this is your first one. &gt;sb (whining): but susan got a brand new mercedes for her graduation! i stared at her, mentally banging my head against the glass of the bmw. i imagined it shattering and killing me in the process. &gt;me: yes, but your dad told me that he has a certain budget to work with. this is a very nice car, with less than 20,000 miles on it. it runs and drives like new. (turning to dad) wow, that sounded cliche. i apologize! &gt;dad (laughing): sure was, but i think that i'll take it despite your cliche outburst! we headed inside while sb tapped away angrily on her phone. &lt;insert boring negotiation montage here&gt; &gt;dad: well, i think that does it, i think we have a deal. thank y--- &gt;sb(annoyed): are you &lt;ducking&gt; serious? dad i am not driving some used car. even miranda, the poor girl got a new toyota. &gt;dad(angrily): i am not buying a new car. maybe you can ask your mom to do that. oh wait, she would rather spend her money on a vacation to italy and not take her daughter! sb launches into a tirade of cursing, screaming and generally throwing a tantrum. dad stands up calmly, shakes my hand and apologizes. &gt;dad: well, /u/dpnovitzky. it looks like my daughter has a lot to learn about appreciating free things. maybe her friends will let her ride in their new cars, cause she will be taking the bus. and she'll need to get a job now to pay for that. &gt;sb(eyes wide): i'm sorry daddy, i want the car now.... &gt;dad: too late, sb. you just dug yourself into a hole. better ask your mom in two weeks when she gets back from italy. sb proceeded to run outside crying, while her dad shook my hand. oddly, i felt something crinkle into my palm and i looked down to find that he shoved a hundred dollar bill in there. &gt;dad: that's for wasting your time and costing you money. but that spoiled girl isn't getting a car from me. let her stepfather get her one. &gt;me: thanks. i definitely appreciate it. and best of luck. he walked out and got into his car, then they both took off again. not two weeks later the spoiled brat came back, and was driving a broken down old honda. turns out that that is the car her new dad got her, paid a whopping $500 for it and it needed service. she didn't even look at me as she walked in. score: awesome dad - 1,000,000 points | sb - one hefty repair bill. edit: it was indeed a 328xi coupe. i sell new mazdas, so bmw naming conventions are beyond me.hey tfr. i've got a good one for you today, and i still get giddy thinking about it. i work at a bank, and this occurred about four years ago. we had a customer come in slightly upset: someone had broken into his car and stolen only a few checks from his checkbook, and had immediately gone on a spending spree at nearby grocery stores (the kind where they use your check to pull the funds out immediately, identical to a debit card). our manager immediately refunded the lost money and put a *"warning"* on his account telling us not to cash any check numbered from 1001 to 1010: the numbers of the stolen checks. he was assured that any more money he lost would be refunded. he didn't want to close the account (which is what i would have recommended) because it takes a while to get new checks and cards, and he didn't want to go through all the trouble. not 2 days later, we have what's called a non-customer walk in (meaning they don't have an account at that bank, but still have transactions to run, most often cashing checks). i'm currently covering for several coworkers lunches, so i'm the only teller covering the lobby. he walks up to me, hands me a check and his i.d., and tells me he wants to cash it. alright, cool, let me just check th--whoa, wait a minute. *this is a check that was stolen from that customer a few days ago!* i doubled and triple checked my suspicions, and i was rewarded with numerous red flags: • the check number was within the stolen range (1001 to 1010) • the signature was *clearly* forged, and was easily the most damning evidence • the amount of the check was for an absurdly high amount based on the "babysitting job" description scrawled down in the memo line; the check was for $3000. we, the tellers, had been instructed to call the police in the event that anyone ever came in an presented a forged check (and also had strong reason to believe that the person in front of us had done the forging). the dude in front of me was covered from head to toe with tattoos, smelled like an ashtray, dressed in the dirtiest clothes you can imagine, and had the words "fuck off" tattooed on his right forearm in very large, very easy-to-read letters. in other words, i was calling bullshit on him cashing a $3000 check based on his babysitting work. so, i needed to call the police, but how? there was no way this guy would stick around the second i picked up the phone and accused him of stealing a check, not to mention the fact that this guy actually looked fairly dangerous. normal protocol said that i "need a manager to verify the check," at which point i would go to the back room and call the cops--and stay back there, leaving the customer at the counter getting frustrated and suspicious. so i improvised: i started angrily hitting the spacebar on my keyboard and muttered loud enough for the thief to hear me, "come on, not again." when he looked inquiringly at me, i scowled and said, "sorry, my system just froze up. we've been having trouble with this stupid thing all day. let me see if i can get someone else to do it." i gave a *for-christ's-sake-just-go-with-it* look at my only other coworker, who fortunately picked up on what i was doing immediately and complained that, sure enough, her system went down too. i looked back up at the thief and apologized in a half-laugh, half-scowl that his wait would be a few minutes because our entire network had just gone down. **he totally bought it,** even going so far as to say something like, "damn computers, they never work when you need them too, hahaha!" i agreed, and told him i'd go back in the back room to get his cash ready, if nothing else. i called the police, explained the situation to them, and they assured me a cop was on his way to our location, fast. i hung up and called our corporate office and let them know what was happening, and they assured me that i was doing the right thing and that they were sending the bank lawyer to our location asap, and to "be safe." i then called our branch manager (who was on lunch at this time) and then the customer and let them both know what was going on and that we'd keep them updated. once i was done with this stuff--i walked back out to the counter and walked right back up to the thief, apologized again for his wait, assuring him that we had our it department working nonstop on the situation, and would he like a free soda to compensate for the wait? he like that, so i went and got him one. 5 minutes later (and i was sweating bullets at this point, my body was swimming in adrenaline), the cop walked in, directly behind the thief, who was completely unaware of the whole situation. i made eye contact with the cop, nodded, and then nodded again towards the thief. long story short: the thief turned around and completely went limp at the sight of cop. he admitted to stealing the checks almost instantly and was promptly placed into handcuffs right there in our lobby. our bank lawyer (who was on the phone with the customer who'd had his checks stolen) and branch manager walked in a few minutes later after that. after the thief was hauled off, i was told i had done well by upper management. **the best part?** saying that our system was down became the company-wide go-to excuse whenever tellers needed to stall for time in order to call the police. *justiiiiiiiiiiiice* one night i am working the returns desk at my big-box hardware job when i see this girl barrelling my way, pushing a flatbed with 4 five gallon buckets of paint. at this exact moment i get a call from paint: "spoon? you see that girl coming to the desk right now? i literally watched her and her buddy load those on the cart in paint. lp and management is tracking her friend right now. stall!" *awesome* this is my first red flag to a fraud return. let the games begin! so of course when she reaches the desk she has no receipt and driver license in hand. "oh your dad is a contractor and misguessed how much white paint he needed? he paid in cash but doesn't mind gift card?" right! that is a totally legit excuse i hear all the time! red flag number two. of course when i scan them the amount comes out to over the limit. a manager is needed to approve so i go ahead and page for one. she totally starts sweating bullets. she asks if i can break down the transactions so i don't need the approval, but still put them on the same gift card. ah...there it is. red flag number three. you've done this enough times to know how the system works. bravo! "nope! i cannot knowingly process a transaction like that to avoid manager approval. don't worry though! as soon as my manager is done with your friend he will come up here to deal with you." touchdown! she pales and flees the store. her buddy realizes his ride is gone only when he tries to outrun lp into the parking lot with his loot. police come shortly after. but wait! you left so fast that you left your id with all your info at the desk! i was nice enough to give it to the cops so they could return it to you personally. i don't want you to walk away from our little game empty-handed. have a lovely evening!a previous job of mine was cashier, and occasional stock boy, at a party supply store. i especially loathed the register on saturday mornings, when moms rushed the store in throngs to obtain bundles of filled balloons for their precious flowers' birthdays. the first incident took place on a weekday evening, when most balloon orders seem to be placed. a mom, who had separated from her gaggle of other ladies and children, walked up to the balloon counter. nobody was there. so, i walked over to help her. "can i help you?" i asked in my nicest customer service voice. "i need some of those, um, silvery balloons," she replied. "ah, the mylar balloons! do you have a pattern in mind?" she examined the wall of flat balloons to find one that she thought fit the theme of her son's party. her first choice was ##. "sorry, ma'am, it seems to be sold out." she chose another. "sorry, ma'am, that one is also sold out." in a snarky tone i'm asked: "do you have any balloons," she looks at my name tag, "get9, or are you just yankin' my chain!?" "i assure you we have balloons. you need to pick one that doesn't have a 'sold out' sticker on it." she replied with a sigh of exasperation and finally chose one we have in stock; i filled out the order form and that was that. upon returning to my register, the display directly across from me, containing super-hero-themed party plates, cups, utensils, etc., was in complete disarray. the racks had been pulled down, cups and themed candy were all over the floor (loose ones that didn't come in bulk bags), and toys were misplaced. that balloon lady's kid, about twelve or thirteen years old, standing quite close with an item from the display in his hand, had simply destroyed the display! i'd have to stay overtime to fix it up! i asked the child if he planned on cleaning it up, but he replied with a snooty, "it's your job, i'm not doing it." his mom eventually comes up and i let her know what her kid did, to which she replied, "you know kids, right?" teehee. it's not too difficult to clean up, right? son of a...fine. whatever. like mother like kid, right? a few days pass and i'm back at my register. this being a saturday morning before opening, i had two things to do: 1) help blow up balloons and curl ribbons and 2) clean the windows and sweep the floors. after helping with the balloons, i went up to the windows and removed the signs from in front of and off of the doors and windows to clean them. i had just finished with the doors and moved onto the windows when the customers began to arrive the minute the store opened. many moms with their demonic spawn in tow entered the store, and balloon lady and snooty child were amongst them. she walks over to the counter to get her balloon bundle and her kid is left to his own devices. that's when i hear the loudest bang! of my life. i turned to see the kid falling backward onto the ground. no response from mom. he touches his forehead, and to his dismay a minor amount of blood is found. the kid had run straight into the window beside the door you push open. now, his mom was super concerned about her child and what he had been doing. she is helping him up and asks me in a commanding way, "what happened?!" i received a warning for my remark, but it was worth it: "dunno. that's your job." edit: grammar tl;dr: my supreme window cleaning skills completely wrecked some kid.so here's my contribution to the world of crazy that is retail. preemptive tl;dr, me to the jury in federal court: "yes, it was the man in the light blue suit sitting over there" when i was in high school over 15 years ago now, i worked at a copy/ship place. i worked there for 6 years and had a lot of fun. i got very good at shipping fragile items with the ultimate being a roughly 24"x18"x18" gingerbread house. it arrived with only a gum drop tree that fell over. they faxed us a picture because they were astonished it arrived in one piece. but that's not what this story is about. one day, an older gentleman came into our store. he needed to overnight a set of keys that his daughter left when she was in town. not an uncommon request. just a simple set of keys with the cars keyless remote. we package up the keys, the gentleman decides that he wants to put them keys in a small padded envelope before putting them in the tyvex fedex envelope. i slap on the label and the man pays and leaves. i offered all the normal insurance options, but he decided the standard $100 was enough as they could just get keys remade. pretty uneventful transaction, but i specifically remembered him putting the keys in the padded envelope and then into the tyvex envelope to keep them safe as he was worried that the cardboard envelopes could get torn open with the thicker package inside. the keys are then off to california! a few days later the man returns and needs to file a claim, the package had not yet arrived. i had been working in this store for roughly 2 years at this point and we had never had a package that wasn't eventually found by the various carriers. so called fedex to get a trace started on the package and informed the man that we would likely get a call back in 24 hours and we would call him as soon as we heard something. the next day i get a call from fedex that the tyvek envelope was found but the contents were missing! this is literally the only package that i sent in 6 years of sending stuff with fedex and ups that actually went missing. i called the gentleman and had him come back in to start the claim process to get his money to get the keys remade. this is where the fun begins. when the man returns, he fills out the insurance claim paperwork and lists the contents as: keys, car remote, diamond earrings, $500 cash. in seeing this i confront the man and let him know that since he "didn't list the earrings" on the original shipping info it wouldn't be covered, and that cash is also not covered. and since he only accepted the basic insurance he would not be getting anything over that. got the standard, "but this is what was actually in it" response even though i know full-well he is lying. oddly enough, this was the last time i saw the old man until a few months later. the story starts to get some subplots at this point so take an adventure with me to my junior year prom, i took an awesome friend from a regional youth drug and alcohol prevention/advocacy group that i was part of. she lived about an hour away from me and after dropping her off at home after prom (i know.. i was a good kid.. it sucked). i was heading down the highway, tired as heck at 3am 2 exits from my dad's house where i was going to crash when i forgot the speed limit changed and i got my first and still only speeding ticket of my life. a week or so later, i was back at work. a scruffy looking guy comes in, most people would look at him and think, this guy has to be on drugs or in a gang or at the minimum drive a motorcycle, which is perfect, because he was one of our regular customers and was a county drug task force sergeant and frequently made color copies of his crime scenes photos various cases. sergeant knew everyone who worked in the store and after waiting until he was the only person in the store, pulled out a picture and asked if anyone recognized the man. my manager recognized "old man" from earlier and sent sergeant my way. sure enough it was old man's mug shot. i fill sergeant in on the transaction and follow up and say i haven't seen him in a few weeks. "well that's because he's in federal custody." sergeant asks me a few more questions about what was sent in the lost package and if we had done other business with him, which we couldn't recall doing, and left it at that. a few days later i get a call from sergeant at home, and he has a few more questions for me and asks if i can come up to work real quick. being the good citizen i am, i obliged and was at work a few minutes later. instead of asking questions, sergeant hands me a summons to testify in federal court.... whhhaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!! he asks if i have any events coming up in the next few weeks that would take me out of town. the only thing on my schedule was our annual state youth drug and alcohol prevention conference that prom date and a few others from our local group were going to attend. sergeant says he or the prosecutor will be touch with specifics on when i would be needed to testify. and that he would try and work around that conference. a few more days later and i get notified that the prosecutor had moved the schedule of witnesses around so i would be the first person on the stand in the trial that coming friday and i would be free to leave for the conference after that. so basically, i get to testify in federal court, miss the groups transportation to the conference which was several hours away and likely miss the opening speaker of the conference, which just happened to be prosecutors boss, the us district attorney. the day of the trial comes and i'm at the federal court house in the large city near where i live, i'm getting a little pre-trial prep from sergeant going over the questions they will ask, when he pulls out a standard fedex box full of meth. he had apparently been trying to use fedex drop boxes to send drugs around the country which was intercepted by a drug dog in a warehouse, and the keys which were legitimately lost were to a car full of drugs in california that was part of some drug deal he was trying to do. so here i am, 17 years old, getting sworn in to testify in a federal drug trafficking case, the day i'm supposed to be at a youth drug and alcohol prevention conference with the keynote speaker being the district attorney that was overseeing the case. the first question ... "on (some date a now decades ago), a man sent a set of keys with you while working at copy/ship place, do you see that man today" .... "yes, it was the man in the light blue suit sitting over there" ... the rest of the testimony went on, he asked what was sent, what happened to the package, etc. it took about 5 minutes. the defense, didn't even ask me any questions and i was free to go. as we leave the court room, sergeant follows us out and thanks me for helping and he hopes i get to the conference on time. he ends with "if there's anything i can do for you, let me know." i think for a second... can't hurt to try ... "i've got this speeding ticket a few weeks ago..." sergeant chuckles and says he will see what he can do. i head off to the conference where i make it just in time to hear the opening speaker. he's giving us some fluff speech about how kids make all the difference, blah blah blah, and then it's time for questions... up i jump! "mr. district attorney, i had the 'honor' of testifying in one of your cases earlier this morning, is it a growing trend for drug dealers to try and send drugs via the various shipping services?" mr. district attorney chuckled and replied "oh, i heard about you, thanks for your help on that, glad you could make it down here on time, blah blah blah drugs are bad, blah blah blah law enforcement..." you may think this is where the story ends.... but now comes two somewhat "are you kidding me moments" a couple of days after the conference, when i was due to either pay the speeding ticket or appear in court, i got a call from sergeant. he said to head to court and it should be taken care of. so ... i do. they call my name and the judge asks how do i plea to the charge of speeding ... when the traffic court prosecutor speaks up, "excuse me your honor, this is the case that sergeant has been consulting on" judge looks at me spouts off a bunch of legal stuff " ... faulty equipment ... court costs ... gavel slam" the look on the officers face that gave me the ticket was pretty awesome. a mix of, "wtf just happened" and "who the heck is this kid." i paid like $30 bucks and nothing on the record. it turns out that old man was convicted and sentenced to something like 30 years in jail. the last piece of this story happends a month or so later. i'm back at work, enjoying the end of summer and waiting for the start of my senior year when a lady walks in and needs to send a fax. i help her with a smile and when i look at the cover page for the fax number i see "to: federal court of metro city name" "re: people vs. old man" "notice of appeal" ... signed .... blank. as i'm about to send the fax she asks me to stop, and let her check something. i then witness her sign old man's name.... i'm thinking ... are you kidding me, does she not know who i am.... that was the last i heard of old man, nothing came of the forged signature, i assume he's still sitting in federal jail somewhere or maybe got out on good behavior. he seemed like a nice guy.... edits: cleaned up spelling from when i typed this in word pad, corrected attorney general to district attorneyi'm standing outside, on my break, enjoying a smoke. a clueless lady (cl) walks up to me and asks if i have a spare. since i only bring enough with me to have at work (it's a great way to cut down), i tell her no. she walks away, and goes into the store. i finish my smoke, and walk in as well. i walk past the counter, say hi to one of my managers, and go to clock back in. once i've clocked in and returned, i see cl standing at the counter and talking with my manager. cl: there he is! (pointing at me) cl: that's your employee who was rude to me! my manager (mm): ...and tell me again what it was he was rude about. cl: he wouldn't give me a smoke! cl: i demand that you tell him to give me a smoke! mm: i'm sorry, but his cigarettes are not the store's property. it's up to him to decide if he wants to, or can, give one out. cl: but he's your employee, and i'm the customer. now tell him to give me a smoke. now! mm: actually, as of right now, you're no longer our customer. please leave. after many dirty looks and all sorts of wonderful language, cl finally leaves, realising that she will not get what she wants. my manager and i exchange bewildered looks. mm: where the fuck do they crawl out of, and why do they always come here? me: shall we go have a smoke? mm: yes. please!i work as an assistant manager for a local chain of gas stations. the one i'm at is probably one of the busiest stores in the state from february to september, and the only one with two restrooms with multiple stalls instead of just a single unisex one. not to mention we are pretty far from the nearest large city, so no local police. i just got done inspecting our gas pumps, and was sitting in the office busy calling in for maintenance a pump hose that started developing some nasty cracks. normal, uninteresting gas station fair. in walks one of our cashiers, my back turned to her, and she says "excuse me, i just found this in the women's restroom". i turn around, and she is holding a loaded handgun. she hands it to me, and i tell her to let me know if the owner comes back. i lock up the office, engage the safety (yay, the safety was off.) unload the handgun, put it in one drawer, then the magazine (and the round that was in the chamber) into another drawer away from the first one. i call the state troopers, give them all the info (thank god it wasn't stolen) and they say they will be by soon. trooper comes along, picks up the handgun, gets my info, and leaves. about 5 minutes later i get a call from another trooper saying that they just pulled over a lady who was speeding on the way towards my store, and let me know she is on the way to pick up her handgun. she arrives, and gets extremely pissed off when i tell her that the troopers already collected it, i give her their contact info and she leaves... as a responsible firearm owner myself, the fact that she just left it laying around in the restroom pisses me off, ignoring the fact it had a round in the chamber and the safety was off. i am just incredibly happy that an employee went in after her and not a child or thief. where i work there *really* needs to be a sign up telling people what is and isn't our job. i was working in a large fast food restaurant and it was a pretty slow day, i was on drive thru handing out the food. being a slow day i walked up to the front to hang around the new girl. i won't lie, she's slow and i don't like her very much. but if i work with people i try be as polite as can be. a woman with a baby walks in, lays her baby on a table and beacons one of us to come over. ''can you just change him while i find my car keys'' i tell her we're not allowed to leave our positions ''i am the customer, you do as i say'' i try to explain that we really can't do that ''well i'm going to tell the manager'' and she starts cleaning him up on the table, i'm still explaining that there is a toilet to do that ''i don't have to listen to you, toilets are dirty and humiliating why would i change him in there?'' unfortunately for us the baby had taken a poop, with the consistency of curry, and his darling mother managed to get it on the table and it didn't smell fantastic. when she was finally done she looked the new girl in the eye and grinned ''i'm not getting anything because you were so rude, and i'll be telling your manager how you refused to serve a new mother when she asked for *your* assistance'' i'm not paid to clean children, please don't expect it of me. also she did call and my wet blanket of a manager apologised and offered her a free meal.  so, this just happened a few days ago. i apologize for the wall of text, but it's warranted for the story. i manage a shipping store that loves the color brown. we have 3 employees, and we do the typical packaging and shipping that you would expect, along with copies, printing, etc. as an additional source of revenue, we have private contracts to do fingerprinting for two different agencies that run background screenings. people in certain lines of work in our state (medical, child care, education, etc.) are required by law to have these background screenings done before starting a new job and after every 5 years of employment. people are registered with one of these two agencies, make payment to them, and are then sent to us with a registration number form to have their fingerprints collected. we collect the fingerprints digitally on equipment provided to us by the agencies, and they are then electronically submitted to the background check agencies who, in turn, send them to the fbi and our state law enforcement agency for processing. we then sign off on their registration number form and tell them to hold onto it in case there are any problems. i should also mention that these screenings are quite expensive to register for, but we are only paid a small commission by the agencies for each person we fingerprint. we are also the only place in the area to have this done for these agencies. no we do a lot of fingerprinting here, easily 20-30 people a day between the two agencies, and it can get quite the disruptive to handling of other business in the store when you’ve only got 3 people working . we have lots of strict guidelines that we are required to abide by for fingerprinting, so before we start, we simply give folks a rundown of what we are going to do and what we need them to do to get them finished as quickly as possible. most people cooperate, some do not. some are just downright rude about it. if someone isn’t cooperating with what we need them to do (keeping relaxed, not trying to roll their fingers themselves, etc.) we will ask them again a few times to cooperate. if they are rude about it or still don’t cooperate, then we just do what we need to do to get them finished and out the door. if you're fingerprints are deteriorated or damaged, or if you were just uncooperative and didn’t allow us to get clear prints, the prints can be rejected by the fbi or state law enforcement agency as unreadable. if this happens, they send you a rejection number, and then you have to come back with that and your original registration number, and get them done all over again. this is where our story begins. i am at the counter helping customers when this woman walks in. you know those people who you can just look at and instantly tell that they are going to have a bad attitude? this was one of them, so we’ll just cal her bad attitude (ba). me – “hello, how are you today?” ba – “here” *thrusts random paper at me me - *take paper, see scribbled number on paper “okay, let’s see what we’ve got here. ah, it looks like you need to be fingerprinted again” ba – *in extremely condescending tone “uh, yeah” me – “okay, do you have your original registration id” ba – *sigh ,*condescending tone “no, why don’t you just look it up” me - “i’m sorry, but i don’t have any way to do that. i don’t have access to the agencies systems to search for your information. we simply enter your registration number to pull up your appointment.” ba – “whatever, i don’t care, just do it” me – “i won’t be able to do anything without your registration number” ba - *snatches paper from me “this is f*cking ridiculous!!!” me – “okay, well that was unnecessary.” ba – starts stomping out“you people should’ve just done your f*cking job!!!” i’ve had it with this lady at this point me – “alright then, you have a lovely day” ba – “yeah! you too asshole!!!” at this point she walks out the door. mind you, this all happened in front of other customers. i apologize to them for her language. one of my associates, m, begins telling me that he was the one that fingerprinted her originally. he tells me that she was very uncooperative and was just as rude when he had dealt with her. i then tell m and my other associate, d, that if she comes back in to let me handle it. i plan on refusing her service, and asking her not to return to the store. i am just finishing up with a customer when m motions toward the door. ba is coming back in and she’s talking to someone on the phone. she walks up to the counter and thrusts her phone at me. i know what’s going on here. bad move lady. ba – “here, talk to them” *starts muttering about how stupid we are me – “hello this is jetblacklungs, i’m the store manager” phone – “hello, this is derpina. i’m the hr director for blabiddy blah health care center. i understand that there’s a problem with ba’s fingerprinting, what information did you need.” me – “well, we needed to have her registration id to collect her finger prints again, but at this point i’m not going to be able to complete this for her.” phone – “what is the issue?” ba is standing directly across the counter from me, with a slightly puzzled look on her face. i look her dead in the eyes as i continue speaking… me – “when she came in earlier, and i asked her for the information i needed she became very rude and combative, telling me that my request was ‘effing ridiculous’ and that we ‘should’ve done our effing jobs’, before calling me an a-hole from across the store on her way out. this was all done in front of several customers in my store. we do not tolerate this kind of behavior, and i will not allow her back into this store.” a look of horror, and plain old “oh sh!t” flashes across ba’s face. ba – “well you started it!” i give her a look that just says “bitch, please”. phone – “oh my god, i am so sorry. i apologize for this. i completely understand. please know that we will definitely handle this, and she will not be back in your store. could you please put ba back on the phone. again, i am so sorry for this.” ba is standing there mouth agape, looking like someone just ran over her puppy. i hand her phone back and say “she wants to talk to you, you can leave my store now.” she turns to walk out, and puts the phone back to her ear. i’m listening with delight as she walks out. ba – “hello….yeah i….b-but…well he star….but i can’t….no wait, please….hello? hello?” she glares back at me. i just wave and say “bye!” haven’t seen her since. **tl;dr horrible lady berates me and calls me an a-hole….no job for you!!!!** so there's pretty strict laws about liquor store operations where i am, the one in question here was the fact that a liquor store has to sell liquor in sealed containers (ie, you cant open an adhoc pub) and customers are not allowed to open or consume liquor on premises. i ran a bottleshop, this was a small country town, and the two bottleshops would help each other out and keep each other in the loop about problem customers etc. one day i got a call from the other shop about a group of tourists who got all offensive when they were told they couldn't open or consume on premises, citing their right to have their own liquor etc. they stormed out without taking their goods. they came into my store, being nice i said i would give them their products that they paid for at the other shop and sort out the stock transfer with them later, as long as they didn't open or consume it on premises. they were pissed, that i knew, that they had left stuff behind and what have you, but went and grabbed their stuff, one of them on the way out stopped at the door, turned to me, opened a can, took a sip (being quite the rebel) and walked out. queue the cop (a local) that was walking into the store, he saw a little bit, came in and asked what was up. i explained it to him, he excused himself and left the store. 10 minutes later i hear screaming from the carpark. the police officer had given a ticket to the guys for a bunch of things, but the big one was effectively driving while drinking (just pulling out of carpark). the guys stormed off on foot. brilliant, i thought, perfect timing from the local cop, had a smile on my face the rest of the day, rang the other shop and we were cracking up laughing. i leave at the end of my shift and the cop is sitting there next to the car, i went over to say thanks, and the cop tells me, in what i think was the most brilliant move ever, that he rang the rental company, who instantly terminated the rental agreement and were sending someone to pick up the vehicle. apparently it stuffed their whole six week itinerary, there wasn't anywhere to rent a vehicle for close to a days solid driving... customer comes in asking help for a certain problem. my conversation yesterday went like this: lady= l, me= me obviously lady: my grill is not working, do you know whats wrong. after looking at it i noticed the ignition was broken off so she couldnt ignite it. me: yes ma'am, the igniter is broken and needs to be replaced. we sell universal ones for cheap. lady: of no, thats not right my friend told me i just needed some more propane. me: why did you bring the entire grill in here if you just needed propane? lady: can you help me or not? or do you now know anything about grills? i just sold her a new propane tank and helped her load the grill back in her truck. she will be back and blame me tomorrow probably about selling her the wrong thing. this happens all the time, people ask for help, i give them an answer, and than they just ignore my answer and insult me that i dont know anything. original story: so, i'm an impatient bastard, so i decided to not wait for a reply to my email to corporate and instead called their corporate hotline. i was connected to the district manager for arizona, and i told my tale of woe to her. when i was done, she admitted that while it was legal to accept state ids... dm: however, it is against our store policy to accept them for alcohol purchases. me: can you explain why? dm: there are so many different state ids out there that it's impossible to train our employees on what they look like, so we keep it simple and just don't accept any. me: but you accept out of state driver's licenses? dm: oh yes, we accept those. me: wouldn't your argument about the number of different state ids also apply to driver's licenses? how can you deny state ids for that reason but accept driver's licenses? dm: it's just our policy. that's when i decided to bring up an issue that people had mentioned in the original thread. me: aren't you worried about violating the americans with disabilities act? dm: how so? me: well, lots of disabled people don't drive and have state ids instead. is it your grocery store's official policy that disabled people aren't allowed to buy alcohol there? dm: um...can i call you back? so she calls back 20 minutes later, and surprise! it turns out that she was 'mistaken', and that state ids can in fact be used to buy alcohol at their stores. she promises to personally call the general manager of the store i went to and make sure that he retrains his employees on alcohol sales protocol. she also promised to find out what manager was working that shift and make sure they get a talking to about the proper way to deal with a guest who has an issue. all in all, i'm satisfied, and kind of amused by this whole situation. i didn't want people fired, i just wanted their obviously incorrect actions corrected. though, being a petty bastard, every time i go into that location to buy booze in the future i'm going to look for that particular manager, and if she's there ask her if she can ring up my 12 pack of beer for me ;-)when i was in college, i was the night manager at a fast food place near campus that stayed open until 3am. after we closed, we had a half hour to clean the store and leave. my boss said if we could not get the store cleaned in that half-hour, i could do one of two things. i could have everyone clock out and finish cleaning the store or i could call him and explain why we couldn't get the store clean in a half hour and maybe, just maybe, he would let us all stay clocked in to finish. the minute he told me this i thought to myself "this is b.s.". one night we got a rush at 2:50am. apparently, there had been a frat party and at least 50 people poured into the lobby to order tacos. it was just me and one other person on duty because that weeknight was usually very slow. we managed to clear everyone out by 3:30am we did $300 worth of 39 cent tacos in that 40 minutes. after everyone was gone, i looked around and realized we were past our deadline for clocking out. now, i'm not going to even ask someone to clock out and work for free. it's not in my nature. so...i called my boss. yep. i woke him up. after he screamed at me for not calling him when the rush started so he could come and help (he lived 30 minutes away), he yelled at me some more. i simply asked him if he wanted us to stay clocked in and clean the store or if he wanted us to clock out and go home. he chose the former. edit: for those of you fond of math, the 39 cent taco was an example of how cheap the food was. people ordered drinks, and other food items, too, mostly burritos, but also enchiritos.i work in a neighborhood children's store. we sell toys and books, and most of our customers are grandparents, people buying birthday gifts, or both. yesterday a grandpa came in to shop for his grandson. grandpa: "i need something for my 5 year old grandson." me: "great! are you looking for a toy, maybe something to build? or we could do a book, does he still like picture books?" grandpa: "a book would be nice, he likes to read." so i suggest a few books to him and we finally settle on the wonderful (and hilarious) *[this moose belongs to me]( (you should all read it). me: "would you like this gift-wrapped today? is this a birthday present or a 'just because' gift?" at this the grandpa paused. normally this is a pretty easy question, but i could tell he was trying to figure out what to say. i try not to pry about what people are buying, but i did want to know what kind of paper to use. grandpa: "well, it's kind of a long story." i ring him up and start wrapping the book and then he explains why he's buying the gift. grandpa: "my grandson has a favorite stuffed dog he takes everywhere. a few months ago he asked his mother when dog was born. she picked a date out of the air and thought nothing of it. a week ago he piped up and said, 'mom, dog's birthday is coming up! march 29!" me: starting to laugh. "this is a gift for his stuffed dog?" grandpa: "yup. we're having a birthday party tomorrow with pizza and ice cream and everything. and i figured you can't have a birthday party without a gift. and a book is a nice gift, he can read it to dog." i finished up wrapping and sent him on his way. i have to say, after 2.5 years working here this was the first time i've ever wrapped a gift for a stuffed animal! i found the whole thing absolutely charming, i hope you did, too. happy birthday dog! edit: i did not expect this story to get so popular. thank you everyone for your kind comments! while i've had plenty of experiences with bad customers, it's moments like these that make me happy to be a bookseller. hello. i apologize in advance for formatting, grammatical, and spelling errors. i'm on my phone. so i'm in my early 20's and work part time retail at a beauty supply store to supplement my disability income. ( i just went through a 9 month long battle with a very aggressive form of leukemia, which for any who aren't familiar with it is a blood cancer, in 2013 including daily infusions of arsenic and chemotherapy and even though there isnt a cure it can be controlled with oral chemos now that i'm past the first year, but i will be weakened and immune compromised for many years if not the rest of my life and will probably have to be on these medicines for the rest of my life as well.) earlier today i had a lady come in and just by the look of her and how she acted you could tell she was going to be self entitled and some what rude at best. she was overly tan with bleach blonde hair, super long bright pink acrylics, channel bag, and drove a mercedes. she goes directly for our selection of hair extensions and browses for a few minutes (she was talking loudly on her cellphone the whole time and didnt even acknowledge my greeting as she entered the store) she then starts snapping her fingers at me to get my attention. snapping her fingers like i'm a dog. i guess she couldnt be bothered to tear herself away from her riveting conversation about why her friends coworkers boyfriend was having lunch with another woman to speak to me like a human. i walk over to her and politely ask what she needs help with. she wants me to unlock all of our hair so she can browse as she liked (we keep it locked because a lot of it is over $100 and is a high theft item) i told her i wasnt allowed to do that but if there was any color that she wanted to look at i would be happy to unlock it for her and we also have a ring of full length swatches she is welcome to look at. she starts huffing and giving me dirty looks (how dare i tell her no as per our company policy, don't i know who her husband is?!?) eventually she settles on one of our priciest sets of 100% human hair clip ins. before i ring her up i let her know that all of our hair is absolutely not returnable or exchangable for any reason once she walks out the door. she says fine and i ring her up and tell her the final price plus tax (close to $200) she goes ballistic. "but my daughter may have cancer, so i should get a discount." "so your buying extensions for your daughter because she may have cancer?" "no they're for me, but its very stressful having a sick child and the cancer will be very expensive to treat if she has it." ........wot? "ma'am i'm very aware of how expensive cancer is, but we dont offer illness discounts." "if you had ever had a loved one with cancer you'd understand" i'm a really easy going person and usually let things like this not effect me in the slightest, hell i love making cancer jokes but i hate it when people use other peoples illnesses to gain sympathy and benefit. my mother had a really tough time dealing with my illness so i l know how truely heartbreaking it can be to have a sick child. "i have cancer ma'am, so i know what its like and how devastating this type of illness can be on the body and mind. all four of my grand parents died of cancer, and my step mother is battling breast cancer for the 3rd time and it has metastasized to her lungs, lymph nodes, and brain and they're giving her less than 2 years, so yes i know how it feels. if i were to give a cancer discount it would be to the people fighting it, not people trying to gain my sympathies...." -silence and stunned look from her- ... ... ... "your total is $200, would you like a bag?" she was very sweet for the 2 minutes it took her to pay and leave. tl:dr my kid might have cancer so discounts on items to make myself look good through my grieving period maybe???i worked at a few grocery stores and convenient stores during and right after high school. i was never cut out for these jobs. i get extremely upset with myself if i let someone walk all over me and i don't retaliate. i replay the incident over and over in my head and obsess over it. so, i would retaliate often and get myself into trouble. i remember this one time when a redneck walks into the convenient store, tosses a wadded 20 dollar bill onto the counter, and barks at me, "marlboro reds." oh boy, here we go. i was about to be a jerk back and rednecks are usually ready for a fight. i took the twenty and began slowly unwadding it while staring directly into redneck's beady little eyes with a straight face. once i had the bill unfolded, i placed it neatly into the till and gathered up his change. however, before handing it back to him i wadded up the bills, and then dropped the wad and the change onto the counter. my adrenaline was kicking in full force in anticipation of the confrontation that was imminent. to redneck's credit, he proved me wrong. he just chuckled and said, "i see what you did there." then, scooped up his changed and stuffed it into his pocket. i wished him a nice day and he thanked me. sometimes, people just aren't thinking and genuinely don't intend to be rude. i don't mind this, as long as they are reasonable human beings who recognize and acknowledge their rudeness after it is pointed out to them.so this didn't actually happen to me, but to a coworker. i work for an attraction in a tourist town that hires high schoolers for summer jobs. a couple of days ago we had a group of elderly men and women come in to play our miniature golf course. now, this day, we had one of the high schoolers running the register. we shall call her mouse, because she's normally very quiet, at least when dealing with customers. the first old man walks up to the counter, and very quickly says "one for mini-golf." mouse says "okay, sir, that will be 11.99." old man replies with "what about the senior discount?" now, we don't have a senior discount, but if you're nice, we will normally give the local discount, 50 percent off. mouse says "i'm sorry sir, we don't have a senior discount, but i can-" at this point the old man loudly interrupts with "well what kind of s*** is that? don't you support seniors?" now, you should understand that our demographic is families with young children. so there are kids everywhere. he stares at mouse with a smirk on his face. what followed surprised me. mouse looked him straight in the eye (thank god for the elevated cash wrap, because she's like five feet tall, and otherwise would have had to crane her neck to do it.), and says "that will be 11.99." he starts in again, she interrupts with "that will be 11.99." every time he opens his mouth, she just says "that will be 11.99." the look of utter defeat as he handed his money over was very satisfying. tl;dr old man tries to intimidate a 16 year old girl by yelling and cursing at her, 16 year old girl don't give a fuck, old man puts tail between legs.the operations manager was on vacation this past week, and no one picked up her slack. cue her return on sunday and the safe empty of anything smaller than a $20. can't go to the back, so we had to be creative. it's against policy, but i ran out of fucks to give ages ago and made a hand written sign that said "we need ones! please! thank you!" and posted it on the side of my register. most anyone who puts their stuff down would be able to see it. some donated their excess garage sale cash, while others ignored it and insisted on paying exact coin change so they'll get an extra dollar back. it all balanced out in the end so who cares? a young family comes up, daughter in the cart, dad at the pinpad, and mom unloading the groceries. the daughter is a small kid, i can't judge ages very well, but maybe 4 or so? she looks up at me and says &gt;kid: why do you need ones? &gt;me: because we ran out! i'm kind of awkward around kids, i've had too many parents get upset with talking to their child in the past, so i always keep it short and sweet, without being fluffy or condescending. i keep ringing up their order and notice a strange tension between the parents all of a sudden. i start to worry that i may have phrased my answer inappropriately somehow and ring faster to make up for whatever infraction i might have caused. the mom suddenly stops and looks at her daughter, &gt;mom: you can read?!?!! the dad stops too and looks back, and i stop ringing so he won't have to worry about price watching. &gt;mom: she just read that sign and asked her about it. it's not even the number one, it's spelled out! &gt;dad: you can read?!! what's this word? &gt;kid: we (keeps pronouncing it wrong, but how kids say words wrong sometimes. the dad gives up and goes back to looking at the screen, while the mom insists that she's saying "we." it was just such an adorable moment, and the girl looked so bashful with all the attention she was getting. she had this expression kind of like, "yeah of course i can read, duh" while her mom and dad were each giddy and ecstatic. it just made my day to see a happy family celebrate a milestone. i had to share. the other day while working two middle school boys walked into the store. we are very close to the middle school so lots of students come down after school for candy. i happened to know one of the kids as his mother coached girls volleyball with my dad many, many years ago. although i do not think he recognized me at all. they bought two boxes of candy and their total was $3.52 so their change was $16.48. the kid i knew told me to keep the $0.48 and just to give him the $16. i finished up the transaction and thought nothing of it. about an hour later i see the two kids respond with the mother who i know. she immediately recognized me but that didn't seem to change her attitude. &gt; "he said he only got $11 back instead of $16!" i thought back on the transaction and distinctly remember pulling out 3 $5's. i told her this but she didn't believe me and asked if we could check the drawer. luckily the manager was walking by and i had he quickly count the drawer. drawer came out perfect. goddamn kid took one of the 5's and pocketed it thinking his mother wouldn't find out.i can't believe that i haven't thought to share this yet. **backstory**: at my university we have a grocery store type thing where students can buy things like milk and eggs with their meal plan. it also was a pizza place that delivers any kitchen food and beverages. it was pretty common that people would think we delivered anything from the store and disappointed to find we did not. i was a cashier and i took deliver orders. **the characters** me and horny boy (hb) -ringing phone- &gt;me: thank you for calling campus pizza store, my name is linzdarling, how can i help you? &gt;hb: yeah i need to place a delivery order &gt;me: alright what can we get for you today? &gt;hb: i need a large pepperoni pizza and a box of condoms. &gt;me: um, unfortunately we can only deliver kitchen items and beverages. would you still like to order a pizza? &gt;hb: but i'm naked already! &gt;me: were you going to answer the door naked when your pizza arrived? - click- he hung up on me. to this day that is my favorite delivery order. this just happened. i'm working in drive thru on a slow sunday afternoon. lady orders a coke and pulls around. she hands me her debit card and i hand her the coke. &gt; lady: i don't need my receipt. &gt; me: alright. (we stare at each other for a moment.) &gt; lady: yeah, i don't need it. *(waves hand around) * &gt; me: okay, okay! (we stare for another moment.) &gt; lady: well can i have my card back, please? &gt; me: just a moment... just then, the card transaction finishes processing and comes back with insufficient funds. &gt; me: i'm sorry but this card is declined. do you have another one? &gt; lady: (angrily) no... &gt; me: well, i can give you the card back if you hand me that coke again. she begrudgingly gives up the coke and i return the card. i offer her a water instead but she drives off. usually i'm happy to give away free soft drinks for various reasons. but not like that!long time lurker, yada yada. a friend of mine runs a local supermarket. i was there picking up some stuff for the weekend when the manager friend (mf) gets paged to a checkout. i follow him, as he was giving me a discount (damaged goods, he held on to them for me) loud man (lm) was harrasing poor trainee (pt) over something mf: :excuse me sir, what appears to be the problem?" lm (shouting): this f***ing idiot wont' give me a discount" here we go. mf: "i'm sorry sir, what discount was that?" lm "this [$500 item] is marked at $4.50, and she's not giving me it for that price" mf: well i'm sorry sir, but that must be a mistake. that item only goes down to $400, even on our biggest sale (3 months beforehand) i would say that this was a mis-mark, and should be $450 dollars. i am happy to give it to you for this price." lm: "no, you have to give it to me for the price on the sticker" mf and i look at the box, only to see. a competitor's sticker on it, with sharpie saying $4.50 mf: "i'm sorry sir, this isn't one of our stickers, let alone for the price you are saying." lm: you have to give it to me for that price, the law says so. this goes on for about 5 minutes, when suddenly, mf grabs a passing team member's sticker gun (he was fixing up prices at the time) and fiddles with it, then puts the new sticker on the item "not for sale" lm: what? not for sale? what is that supposed to mean? mf: "it means. that i have to follow the sticker. the law says so." lm stands there, jaw dropped, for a good 20 seconds, then just walks off, without the rest of his cart. tl;dr, fake sticker = super cheap? new sticker = no sale + 1 angry scammer.soooo, i work at a pet store. this happened maybe five minutes before i got to work last night. obviously, we sell lots of animals. including reptiles. and spiders. from what i heard, we had a woman come in yesterday that wanted to buy the one small tarantula we had. so the one person working that isn't afraid of spiders (come on, they're creepy) gets it all packaged up in an empty betta cup and hands it to her to go cash out. the reptile tanks are pretty much 30 steps from the registers? so the woman walks by the dog beds, then starts to walk out of the store. the cashier asked her what was going on with the spider, she decided she didn't want it, and walked out. cue my manager freaking out because she's terrified of spiders. they found the little guy, thankfully still in his betta cup, shoved between two dog beds. moral of the story? if you don't want an animal, tell someone? don't hide it in the store? i just don't even know anymore. edit: typo cause i suck. edit 2: we sold the spidey to one of my coworkers so he can live a happy life now. woohoooo!we have a lot of religious crazies on our town. one guy loves to sit on the street corner screaming at anyone who walks by that they're gonna burn, or screaming words like "whore" or "slut" to any woman that walks by until the cops come and chase him off. another one just hangs around using religion to threaten people for things he wants (i.e. money or cigarettes). him: "hey can i bum a cigarette and a dollar?" shop owner: "i don't smoke, and i dont have a dollar. you also can't sit in front of my store doing this." him: "fuck you! you're gonna burn you son of a bitch! the judgement is coming for you and you're gonna burn!!" every now and then, however, one of them comes into my shop. i was running the store one sunday, and i had just opened when a family walks in with their three kids. i open with the pleasantries: "hey guys. hows it going? ya'll wanna see some magic we just got in?" the kids light up. they're excited. then dad steps in... dad: "no! we would not like to see any magic! because we all know that magic is the tool of the devil and those that practice the dark arts will burn forever in the fiery pits of hell come judgement day!" he made sure to scream it loud enough so people outside of the shop could hear him ranting. after looking at him in dead silence for a moment i turned around ignoring him and went right into showing his kids magic until he dragged them out of the store because he wasn't getting enough attention. a more recent incident happened just last week. a mother comes in with two kids and she's talking to them as they walk in. mom: "you wanna see a magic show? maybe they'll show us a magic show. wouldn't a magic show be so much fun?" i show them a good 30-45 minutes of magic, but the moment i mention the prices of the various tricks we have she interrupts me. mom: "oh, no no no. we don't want to buy any magic. magic is the tool of satan, and i don't want my children being corrupted. thank you for the show." this happens so much that it's become the running joke of the shop that every trick we sell comes with a free slayer cd, and sacrificial goat starter kit. [](/lyranotsure)i'm not a huge fan of coupons in general. there is usually some problem with them like they are either expired, they don't scan, or some issue in the fine print that will either make the customer go into a yelling fit or make the line pile up (which is a pet peeve of mine). if you want to use one or two coupons, i am fine with that. i completely understand wanting to save some money. but there is a trend that pisses me off to no end. "couponers". a lady came in a while back, with a large amount of deodorant in her basket. after i finished ringing her up, she said, "oh and i have a few coupons..." she then pulled a massive wad of coupons out of her purse. none of them having scannable bar codes, meaning that they would all have to be keyed in manually. i called up a second cashier and began to read the fine print as i am supposed to. she notices i am reading them and says "yeah. those should pay for the entire transaction." "i'm sorry, it says limit one coupon per customer and that they aren't to be used with any other coupons." i reply. "no. i did the math. i have enough here to cover the entire transaction. in fact, you guys should technically be giving *me* cash back." she says with a chuckle. at this point the line was piling up again on my register, so i called up a third cashier and the manager. the manager comes up and asks how he can help. she says "yeah this guy won't let me use my coupons." i point out to him that it clearly states that the coupons can't be used like this. the manager ignores me and lets her have the fifteen or so deodorants for free. before she left you could just feel the smugness radiating off of her. she says "you should be expecting more of us. we couponers are starting to get pretty big around here. next time just scan the damn coupons" she then struts out the door with a smile. the manager was fired soon after. had this type of customer come in yesterday. i work at a. hardware store where we sell wood obviously. we keep wood on the floor for customers to buy and than the overstock stacked behind it in pretty high stacks bundled together. sometimes we get very annoying, difficult customers who think the stack of 300 peices of wood on the floor are not good enough and want us to cut the wood in the back. we cannot do this for a multitude of reasons, but the main is safety. here is the conversation that followed. me= me. ag= angry guy me: sorry sir. we can't cut that bundle because the lumber will fall and it becomes a safety issue. also we have no place to put it once we open it since it can't go back up. ag: i don't care, all of the wood down here is bad me: have you looked through it? i don't think you could have looked through all of that in five minutes. ag: i don't care i want that wood. (points at bundles in the back). if you aren't gonna do it i can get the manager to make you do it for me. at this point i walked away and went to talk to my manager about the proper procedure. he told me to go back and explain to him exactly what i said before. when i came back however he was climbing on top of the wood cutting the bundle himself. keep in mind this is about 15 feet high. we had to ban him from the store for safety concerns over customers safety. some people just like being difficult.facts to know: i work as a deli assistant at a popular grocery store in my state. in my store we have pre-sliced ham/chicken/turkey/salami etc. in the cabinet which makes up the majority of orders (although we do slice on order for customers who ask). now onto the story: i was working the easter saturday grind (in australia big supermarkets are usually closed easter friday, open saturday, and closed easter sunday and monday), been up since 5.30am, slicing ham, prepping the cabinet, cleaning, all the fun stuff. it gets to 1pm and i am all but done, i was supposed to be sent home a few hours back but it's very busy so i've stayed on. a customer asks me for one of our more popular hams, 200g, i pick up his ham, put it on the scale, and it's 200g exactly on the scale! unfortunately due to the paper weight, the tare brings it down to 190g but the customer is suitably impressed. the customer next asks for 300g of danish feta (of which ours are in variably sized blocks). i grab a block and put it on the scale, it weighs over 500g so my lessons in fractions of primary school comes back strongly. i cut the feta (with the paper tare on) and boom, 300g exactly. the customer now looks upon me with god-like reverence, and sleepy me is soaking it all up. dear employer i have achieved elite customer service level, please increase pay above minimum wage. thank youi was out of country, now before i left country i had interviews a very smart intelligent young lady. i had every intention on hiring her and training her when i returned from my vacation. however due to an employee getting into a car accident and being hospitalized i was forced to hire her and have her start without me from 9 timezones away. it was only going be 4 days...which should be fairly slow. however because of this, and the nature of the job she could only greet people/take notes/and be nice. so i intruscted to do exactly this, i also told her to explain the situation "the employee who was supposed to work today is in the hospital, unfortunately i am not trained to handle your problem i however am more then happy to take notes, collect contact details and on this date my manager will call you to take care of you, we apologize for the circumstances" she had 5 customers in that 4 day time frame, she took notes, and did as she was asked...but one customer she mentioned was incredibly rude. called her stupid, said she was lazy, etc. whatever shit happens, i still want his business maybe he was just having a bad day. well that customer comes in and i begin handling his situation (keep in mind besides a few minutes of wasted time...this situation didn't cost him anything). well of course my employee is in the office as i do on the job training. he immeditely resorts to insulting my employee, i ask if he was explained the situation...on why she was unable to help him...he said "that doesn't matter...she should know better how complicated could this shit be? she's an idiot for not figuring it out" at which point i had enough, i grabbed our brochures from him cleared my desk, looked at my employee who was standing and said "please have a seat" room is silent...customer is looking at me with a strange look on his face when i start "look sir here is the deal i normally have two employees work for me...this is what the market will bear. one employee just joined the military and the other one was in a car accident meaning i had no one left to keep the office open and take notes. i hired this young lady from 9 time zones away...in another country and she had interactions with 5 customers to include you. out of those 5 only one said he had a negative experience and the other 4 understood the unfortunate circumstances which lead to those 4 days of having an untrained employee behind this desk. now because a mistake in this business could cost both myself and you a large sum of money i instructed her to only take notes and advise the customer i will work with them as soon as i get back. now i can understand that you might be frustrated with the current situation and i apologize for that...that however gives you no right to call this talented, intelligent young lady a moron, do we understand each other?" he responded with "well you should have had a trained employee ready" i fired back "well, hindsight is 20/20 and i couldn't predict a car crash. i apologize for that. now what gives you the right to insult my employee?" he is quiet "sir are you married? he goes "yes" i go "how would you wife feel if she saw how you acted both the day of the incident and today?" he's twiddling his thumbs "do you understand the situation better now?" he responds "yes" "great...now with that in mind do you feel that it was appropriate to insult this young lady intelligence and make her visibly upset? is that something your ok with? cause i'll tell you what...i'm not ok with it" he agreed...quite shock actually "sir i feel it'd be an appropriate time to apologize for how you treated this young lady...would you agree" he agreed i then asked him to apologize to her. which he did, he was actually quite sincere about it. i turned to her and said "do you accept his apology" with the biggest shit eating grin on her face she accepted of course tensions where high, so i said "sir, you've proven yourself to the bigger man. i thank you very much for your apology...i suggest before we move on we have a cup of coffee. how does that sound." he agreed, i brewed up a couple cups of coffee and we all calmed down, got to know each other personally...and he became my best client ever. also the employee in question is still loyal and faithful to me to this day. after he left she was shocked, she never seen a manager stand up to a customer like that before. especially in an industry where we only see a dozen or so clients a month. i personally at my business i put employees needs ahead of the customer. i feel creating more satisfied employees creates a better environment improving customer service.i work at a grocery store near philadelphia. for those of you unaware, it snowed here recently. a lot. the parking lot is mostly plowed, but the cart corrals are still filled up with snow, so a lot of people have been just leaving their carts outside the corrals waiting to get hit by a car. so i'm doing carts last night and some lady comes up to the other end of the corral i'm at and asks, "is it okay if i just leave this here?" while starting to put her cart next to the corral. normally i wouldn't tell a customer that i'd prefer them to put their cart back inside, but since she asked, i assumed she actually cared where i wanted her to put it. i say, "actually, can you put it back in the store?" &gt; lady: you're kidding, right? &gt; me: no... the corrals are filled in with snow... carts slide around, cars get damaged, it's just a big mess. &gt; lady: so you want it back in the store?! &gt; me: yeah... &gt; lady: that's crazy! and she walks away with her cart in a huff. i see her go up to another customer and yell, "he wants us to put the carts back in the store! can you believe that?!" as i'm bringing in a line of carts i pass her coming out the entrance. i see that after all that she did put her cart away, so i say "thanks" and she just looks away with a scowl on her face. sorry lady. being asked to clean up after yourself like an adult can be tough i guess.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** welcome to the week of scam artists. they rarely get away with it, but that sure doesn't stop them from trying. everything we sell is buy 1 get 1 free (bogo). we also send out mailers and have business cards that are good for buy 1 get 2 free on any item up to $50. we also let you mix and match the items, so you don’t have to get three of the same things. i'm basically giving you an extra $25 in free fireworks just for showing up, in the hopes that you purchase more than that, and that you come back to see us every year. the coupons have your typical legalese at the bottom. can only be used on one item, cannot be reproduced, one offer per day, one offer per family our group, only valid on items up to $50, etc. i usually keep a stack of these coupons in my pocket, and i hand them out pretty freely when the store is open. i think it's a great promotional tool, and although it does impact my bottom line, i wouldn't think of getting rid of it. as you can imagine, we get our fair share of people trying to scam us with the coupon. **scam 1** there's a lady and her husband that show up at our tent at least four or five times each season with coupons. each time, it's the same routine. they'll spend an hour watching videos and carefully examining everything we sell. when they’re ready to checkout, the husband and wife will both approach the counter separately, each carrying their three items, and each with and a coupon. they each pay for one item, and get the other two for free. if we ask them if there together, which i've done before for laughs, they shake their heads and act like they’ve never met, even though they just spent the last hour shopping together. the very next day, they’ll show up and do the exact same thing. another hour of examining products, pick out three, walk to the counter separately, use their coupon. even though they are technically scamming me, i always let it go, because frankly, i think it's funny as hell. **scam 2** another regular customer. every season, this guy comes in and picks out three of every item he intendeds to purchase. when he gets to the counter, he presents his coupon, and we of course explained to him that he can only use it on one item. he'll then spend 5 minutes arguing that i let him use it on everything he purchased the last time he was here. in the end, i’ll let him use it on two items, and he celebrates like he’s won the lottery. the thing is, he’s a regular, and he buys a shitload of fireworks. i’d probably give him a better discount than the two uses of the card if we didn’t have to go back and put up all the extra shit he picked out. i seriously think he does it just to feel like he’s gotten something over on us. **scam 3** a lady walks up to the counter with a fountain ($19.95) and two massive assortments ($249.95) in her cart. i was standing behind the counter, so i went to ring her up. before i could start, she handed me a coupon and this conversation took place. **lady:** i’m just paying for the fountain, i’m going to use the coupon for the free items. **me:** (wondering wtf she is thinking) i’m sorry, but the coupon is only good on items up to $50, and the free items have to be of equal or lesser value. **lady:** it doesn’t say that anywhere on the coupon! i look at the coupon and sure as hell, she’s right…because she’s cut off the bottom third of the coupon that had all the legalese. **me:** i’m sorry, but this coupon has been altered. it normally has all the details on the bottom (handing her another coupon from my pocket so she can see). **lady:** that’s not my problem! my coupon doesn’t say that, so legally you have to honor my purchase. **me:** (rudely, because wtf, really?) yeah, that’s not going to happen. i don’t know what happened to your coupon (sure i don’t), but it’s been altered, and i’m not obligated to take altered coupons. the lady is now full on yelling at me, insisting that i’m breaking the law, and that she can sue me for not taking her coupon. on this particular day (thank god), we actually had hired an off duty uniformed police officer to sit at the entrance to the tent acting as security. we do that on our busier days because it’s a great deterrent for theft, and it builds goodwill with the local police, since they make great extra money for a really easy gig (see [here]( besides, they love my mom’s cajun cooking. the lady stomps away from the counter and approaches the police officer to obviously raise hell about me. before she can say anything, the officer looks her in the eyes and says “one moment ma’am”, the calls over to me loudly enough for everyone to hear. **officer:** did you want me to arrest her or just throw her out? **me:** it’s up to you. you’ve got to fill out the paperwork. she left without another word. ------ if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](preface: i work at a telecommunications kiosk in a mall in canada. as we **finally** got a moment of quiet, i decided to start wiping my kiosk down with lysol wipes. i also noticed at this time that a price card holder had fallen off of the kiosk, and so i had to replace it. part of replacing it involves wiping the area with a "goo remover" to get the old glue off so the new one will stick perfectly fine. as i'm doing this, a kid walks up right against my kiosk, and walks away. suddenly a very loud woman starts ***screeching*** at me. &gt;woman: what the **fuck** did you try and poison my child with?!?! &gt;me: i... what? &gt;woman: my child put his mouth on **your** kiosk and now he says **his mouth is tingly!!!** &gt;me: well... i just sanitized it with lysol... and a glue remover. &gt;woman: **you tried to poison my child** &gt;me: no, i was cleaning. *you* neglected to watch your child. who lets their child lick a kiosk, i mean really. &gt;woman: **what's your customer service number i'm going to report you** &gt;me: right here, ma'am. seriously. why. why are people so damn stupid?i work electronics in a regional retailer and an elderly lady came in early today and was looking at the 3ds systems. being the customer service rockstar i am, i went to help her. &gt; me: can i help you find anything ma'am? &gt; lady: yes i was wondering if this 3ds will play games for the wii. i had a brief "did i really get asked that" moment but recovered quickly. &gt; me: i'm sorry, but they don't. &gt; lady: what?! how will my granddaughter play this wii game i got her? &gt; me: only the wii and wii u can play wii games. &gt; lady: but you're all out of those! &gt; me: i'm sorry ma'am. it is christmas eve so a lot of the last minute shoppers came in very early this morning and took the rest of them. &gt; lady: you know, this is terrible customer service. i opened my mouth to tell her we were expecting more systems on friday, but she just took her cart off in a huff. merry christmas everyone so at the pet store i work at, we require certain information when taking returns if you are getting cash or store credit back. namely, we need your name, address, phone number, and driver's license. so a few days ago i had this really talkative lady (tl) come in and buy a bunch of stuff for a hamster she was buying at our competitor. why she was buying the stuff she needed to house it from us, i don't know, but whatever. anyway, she comes back today with the food in tow, and claims that the little guy - a chinese dwarf - wasn't eating it, and her vet said it was because it wasn't the food he had been eating before. well... no shit, i thought. not my fault she didn't specify that she needed a specific food, but whatever x2, i started the return anyway. so i process the reciept, scanned the food, and tell her the return amount, and also that she'd have to give some information for filing purposes. she says okay, i hand her a pen and the slip, and she fills it all out, going on about how it's so sad that her little rat (it's a fucking hamster, dammit) wasn't eating the past *four days.* she hands me the slip, and i point out that she needed to fill out the phone number section. we get in trouble if it isn't filled out. &gt; tl: oh no, i don't give out my number. that's too private. &gt; me: uhh... okay, but we just need it to give you your money back. &gt; tl: whatever, i'm not giving it out. *sigh* whatever. i write a big ol' refused in the phone number section and enter it all in, and at *that* point she goes off with her returned money to find some other stuff to buy. comes back with some toys, and i ring her up. &gt; me: okay, so your total is $x.xx. do you have a rewards card? &gt; tl: oh, yeah, let me give you my phone number. it's... fuck you so much lady.i used to work at a well-known boutique grocery store that is beloved for its quirky, mostly store-brand products. i worked at a store in a major american city. i'm a straight male. this is important. one day, i was floating on the floor, and a guy about my age (mid-twenties at the time) asks me a question about beer. he then struck up a conversation, and it didn't take long before he said the following: "i read an article that gay men in our city are increasingly shopping at (name of store) because of all the attractive men who work there." i responded, "i hadn't heard that." hopefully, that line worked for him on someone else!i was working up at the cash register and a man was buying 4 new books for his early-teenage daughter. after i finished the transaction he hands the bag of books to his daughter saying "happy birthday!" the daughter rolled her eyes and walked away. after this, the father says. "i'm sorry, but i have to return these books because someone is being an ungrateful little brat." and he actually went through with it and made her watch the return. it. was. amazing. my co-workers and i were all in awe. this man seriously deserves dad of the year award. edit for those asking for more context: he didn't yell "happy birthday" at her for everyone to hear, i suppose i shouldn't have put it in all caps. he just said it as he was trying to hand her the bag that she refused to take. i saw it as a father-daughter bonding experience, and the books looked like they were clearly picked out by her, not the father. they obviously weren't her only birthday present.just a quick one that surprised me. i work at a small tourist attraction with tour guides who dress up in costumes. a guy came in and asked to take a picture with one of them and if it cost anything. we joked with him saying it would cost $200 bucks, then saying we'd settle for a box of donuts. he laughed, took a picture and left. 5 minutes later he showed up with a dozen donuts and said to enjoy them. he knew we were joking, so it was a bit surprising. still, put a smile on our faces. this story happened a couple of hours ago. i'm badly bruised and tired and for some reason i wanted to tell my story before i take a warm bath and go to bed. i apologized in advance if it seems rushed. my boss had an incredible idea to have a gaming lounge upstairs. he bought it when the pizza place got sued because of rat-baked-in-the-pizza incident. i am not usually assigned to the lounge, but i was there when this all went down. anyways, there was a battle going on against two clans, ages about 18-25. they were playing dota, and boy they were taking it very seriously. i'm talking about bird-flipping, f-bomb bonanza and just basically swearing their greasy heads off, trash-talking while they play. well after the other clan won, the ring-leader of the group stands up and just flipped the other team the bird with both hands and just insulted them with all the swears he knows. it would make a sailor blush, i tell ya. this went on about a minute before a member of the other clan got pissed and he grabbed his keyboard and just bitch slap the fuck out of the dude. that was the ember that erupted into an inferno. the two clans started fighting, grabbing chairs, keyboards, their drinks and just went bat-shit insane and just started brawling with each other. my co-worker and i tried our best to keep them from destroying the entire lounge. while my co-worker was trying to regain the control of the situation, and getting beaten up. i helped it and it got me a punch in the face. now, i have anger issues and it triggers when i'm physically hurt. my blood boiled and i grabbed the guy who punched me. he is the biggest and oldest among them but my rage filled self doesn't care and i punched him at his chin. hard. he went down like a sack of potatoes. "every body shut the fuck up!" i screamed, that did the trick as everyone stopped. bossman entered the doors, with three policemen behind him. apparently he went upstairs and saw the brawl and he immediately called the cops. the two clans were arrested and we were questioned. they'll spend the night in jail. 25 year old that i punched, wants to press charges, dad tells him it was self defense and we can charge for assault. police agreed, 25 year old shits pants. parents got called, begged for the police, bossman, and my dad not to press charges on them. my dad was so pissed, but i asked him not to sue. parents were asked to pay for all the damages to the lounge, about $3,500 and co-worker's hospital bill as he broke his arm and have a bruised rib. bossman gave me paid 1 week vacation. i only have a bruised face, knuckles and i think i chipped a tooth. edit: just got a text that co-worker would press charges. edit: answering some questions. &gt;why the parents are being called. in the philippines, it's very common to still live with your parents in your late 20s. iirc, some of the guys are scared of going to jail that they called their parents and all of them followed suit. &gt;why do they call it a clans if it's dota? any gamer group that doesn't have a guild will be called a clan. &gt;did you really knock a guy with one punch. i apologize that i did not tell that very well. i am a girl, but a very big girl. the dude the oldest and biggest, but he was a runt compared to me. they are pretty skinny bunch. the dude was also very beaten up, so i just basically finished him...that sounded weird. &gt;how can there be a restaurant upstairs? the building has two floors and there is a little stairs by the side so you can go to the pizza place. it's very common setup, two businesses on one building. i honestly don't know how you can be confused. &gt;what is with the rat in the pizza story. i have no idea. i've worked at a major supermarket chain in australia for almost nine years, so i have a lot of regular customers who i adore. yesterday was my birthday, so naturally i was rostered on to work. while i was on my tea break, one of my favourite regulars chases after me asking me about light globes. she's a little old italian lady who always says things like "god bless you!", "you are like a granddaughter to me!". sometimes she can be a bit hard to understand as her english is good but not perfect, so we play charades trying to guess what it is that she wants. for instance, one day she kept drawing a square with her hands in the air while i guessed "a box? no, a baking tray?". she wanted frozen puff pastry sheets. anyway, i happily help her with the light globes, and mention that it's my birthday before i go on my break. 15 minutes later when i get back to the kiosk, one of my co-workers says "that lady's been waiting for you! i think she has something for you." she waited my whole tea break to give me a box of chocolates. she comes up to me, covers my cheeks in kisses and wishes me a happy birthday, while doing her usual "god bless you, you're like a granddaughter to me!" sometimes, i really do love customers. reading some of these stories reminded me of a time i used to work at a fast food restaurant a couple years back. i was handing out food at the drive through, and a customer ordered an ice cream cone, she pulled up to the window and i politely attempted to hand her the ice cream. she gave me a disgusted look and said "i'm not having that, you just breathed on it. let me speak to your manager." i happily accepted and went and told my manager what happened. he started laughing, took the ice cream off me, walked out of the view of the customer and returned with the same ice cream and said "there you go darling, sorry about that, here's a fresh one!" she gave me a wry smile and drove off licking her 'breathed on' ice cream. edit: my manager was great, he once threw a pikey over a small fence when she spat in his face. edit 2: a pikey is an irish traveler, they tend to steal, harass and generally cause a nuisance to the unfortunate areas they choose to call home for the next couple of weeks/months. not all are like this (as i have been reassured many times on traveler related tv shows) but i have yet to meet a nice one.i wasn't sure where to post this, since it wasn't me that was mistaken. if it's in the wrong spot lemme know! i'm working on an aisle, bringing stock to the front of the shelves ("making a wall"), tidying up, walking customers around to the items they're searching for, and i hear a faint "excuse me!" from a man over in another aisle. i'm guessing they spotted another floor associate, and continue with my business, organizing the jelly jar section. suddenly the "excuse me!"s get louder and louder, and angrier and angrier. uh oh. i start walking over as it escalates, and the man's angry voice is joined by a female voice. is a co-worker getting yelled at? i don't recognize the voice... i start hearing their heating conversation. &gt;man: why were you ignoring me? i want to know where the paper towel is! &gt;"i don't know where it is, i don't wo- &gt;man: you should know, you work here! as i'm rounding the corner, i'm getting confused. no new people were hired recently, newest department change was me, and i know where 90% of the stuff is in the store. how can they not know if they work here? i turn the corner, and see a middle aged man yelling at a girl in a blue shirt. oh no. my store uniform was blue, but has been a grey striped shirt for over a year. &gt;"i don't work here! i work at [dept. store]! &gt;man: no you don't! i know [my chain]! they always wear blue like you! stop being a lazy cow! where are the paper towels?! &gt;me: sir. she doesn't work here. paper towels are in aisle 1. he turns around and spots my uniform, and looks back at the girl. normally you'd get a sorry, right? oh, no... &gt;man: ... why is she wearing the old uniform?! is she lazy? the girl kinda... snaps. &gt;"*-grabs dept. store logo on shirt-* i. work. at. [dept. store]! i don't work at [my chain]! it's people like you that make me hate my job and hate my life. i hate people like you. leave me alone!!" i wish i had a camera. the dude's face was priceless as this girl just kept lighting him up and flying further and further off the handle. the whole store went quiet, and the man sheepishly asks me again for directions to the paper towel. a few co-workers arrived, hearing the yelling, and asked if i was abusing a customer. i explain what happened and point out the girl, now in tears. the managers talk to her, and she finishes her purchase and leaves. i felt sorry for her. her day had to have been bad for her to snap like that. tl;dr: customer gets mistaken for a store employee, gets yelled at, she responds by bringing the wrath of a thousand disgruntled employees down on his head. today i got to play "supervisor" for the beverage cart managed by our restaurant. edit: we are located on amusement park grounds and are only responsible for maintaining the cart. we do not own it and it is not located inside the restaurant. [crappy ms paint diagram.] ( our cart clerk called off this morning so we had to have one of our bussers work the cart. he had never worked at our food cart before, so my manager asked if i would stay and help him for a while until he got comfortable. as we were stocking the cart, a girl, probably about 15, came up and asked if she could have a soda. us: sure, that'll be $3.00 her: ok, $3.00. [grabs bottle and tries to walk away without paying.] us: uh... excuse me, that soda is $3.00. her: yep, $3.00. [continues to try to walk away with the soda without paying] us: ma'am, you need to give us $3.00 if you want that soda. her: yeah, $3.00 [again, tries to walk away without paying] us: ma'am, do you have $3.00 on you? her: no... us: then you need to give that soda back. we can't give it to you until you pay us. her: oh, ok... [gives soda back and starts to walk away, but comes back a few seconds later]. can i have a bottle of water, then? us: ...do you have money to pay for it? her: no... us: then no, we cannot sell you water if you don't give us money first. greetings, tfr, here is a badly formatted verbal exchange for you all. i'll set the scene: a couple of young girls (~17/18) came to the petrol station yesterday, after some cigarettes. it's not uncommon for young people to come to us, since major uk supermarkets use a "think 25" policy on tobacco products - as a small shop we are perceived as being more lenient. anyway, they pulled up and a big girl, looked about 17, got out. i looked away because she started doing star jumps - much to her friends' amusement, but i didn't want to see that. sorry, i digress. the conversation went as follows (sjg = star jump girl, i'll be "me") sjg: can i have 10 [redacted] cigarettes? (no introductions, no please - no problem! /s) me: yes, certainly, can i see some id please? sjg: oh really? do i not look 18? me: no, i'm afraid not, but you should be flattered! *smile* sjg: oh fine *walks out and talks to her friend* her friend looked a little older, was wearing a tracksuit and shall be called ts accordingly. in she walks ts: can i have [exact same] cigarettes? *starts removing items from her purse* me: *thinking she was looking for id* yes ... ... ts: well? me: oh, i need to see your id, i thought that's what you were getting out ts: oh, are you serious? i drove here! me: the driving age here is 17, you need to be 18 to buy cigarettes ts: oh come on. i have 2 kids! me: well i don't know that, do i? ts: oh, i have a tattoo *pulls up top to show small tattoo* me: that's not id, it doesn't prove you're 18. how do i know they checked your id? ts: you have to have id to get a tattoo! me: and you have to have id to buy cigarettes ts: ugh, you're just being difficult! and back to the car she went, flipping the bird, honking the horn and driving off into the night. it was a good effort, but even if she was 18 she was buying for her friend who wasn't 18 anyway. it frustrates me when they know they're in the wrong, but act all outraged at me as if i'm being so unreasonable but as far as i'm concerned, i won ***side note*** some people have, quite rightly, said that i should have point blank have refused the sale due to the obvious reason that ts was buying for sjg (a "proxy sale"). i explained somewhere in the tangle of comments below but thought i'd add it here that i agree, but i thought it was easier to argue with a proven lack of id - if i'd said "no they're for your friend" she could have potentially argued with mefirst time poster, been meaning to share this for a while. so i used to work in a mom and pop restaurant as a server. it was a great job, and i was regularly recognized as a great server. i loved my job, and being good at it gave me a lot of pride. i would typically work after school and from 8am-9pm saturday. saturday’s were typically crazy busy, a lot of older folks, in for the good deals and great food. it wasn’t uncommon to be completely full for 4-5 hours in the morning, and sometimes we’d take tables in other server’s sections to help with the load. one saturday things were going as normal, and i was chugging along. it got to be about 11:30 and lunch was beginning to come out of the kitchen. when i noticed something, it took a moment to hit exactly what i was looking at. there was a table of an older married couple, that i recognized.. but why did i recognize them…? oh my god… they were my table, from another server’s section. a rush of blood went straight to my face.. this table got here at about 8:30.. what time was it? 11:40.. it couldn’t be. i felt sick.. i hadn’t seen them in at least 2 hours. so i go over, and the exchange went something like this. me: i.. i am so sorry.. i don’t even know what to say. it has been a really busy morning and i just lost track of things.. i can’t begin to apologize enough.. i am so sorry. him: (with about the warmest smile i ever remember seeing, he takes his wife’s hand and says) don’t worry about it. we enjoy each other’s company. it was the sweetest thing i’d ever seen. i tried comping their meal, but he had none of it. they paid in full and left me a $5 tip on about a $10 bill. to this day, it was one of the most forgiving and genuine acts of love i’d ever seen. i’ll never forget it. tl:dr; i’m an idiot and left a table sitting for damn near 2 hours. after i realized, the old man assured me that the time spent with his wife wasn’t wasted. i work at a high-end movie theater where we serve people in nice comfy seats. yesterday was my fourth day working there and a family came in to see maleficent in 3d. the mom calls me over and asks if this movie is in 3d which i politely answer yes too. she complains that she hates 3d movies and didn't order 3d. i tell her to sit tight and see what i could do for her. i grab my manager and explain the situation and he says the family bought tickets online (not our fault she ordered the wrong theater) but he offered to have her switch to a later showing in 2d and we would refund the extra money. i go back to inform the guest what was decided and she said that since her kids were already comfortable in the seats, that they were going to stay in that theater and expect us to switch the movie to a 2d version. i explained to her that it wasn't possible and apologized. she states that she will just refuse to wear the 3d glasses for the movie then...edit: she died in her sleep. at least she wasn't in pain and didn't suffer. i worked again today, and was in tears as soon as i saw my other coworkers. by now, everyone has been told. and it really struck hard. what's normally a noisy, cheerful environment full of laughter, was total silence. none of us would talk aside from greeting a customer, giving total and saying bye to the customer. no small talk. no laughter, no loud noises. most of the customers sensed something had happened. a lot of people were in the break room, taking breathers and being idle, grieving in our own bubbles. some went home early, a lot of workers from other stores were there. the mood felt like a real thick, heavy fog as soon as you walked in the door. end edit. we don't know what happened. her daughter called this morning. i arrived at 3:30pm for my shift, and noticed her name on the roster was crossed off. i thought nothing of it. just thought she had a sick day or something come up. it was busy. very busy. for most of my shift it was one customer after the other, and i noticed the morale was low. i just thought it was because of being down two workers and being really busy. i finished my shift, thinking all was fine. was a busy shift but was glad that it was over. as i'm walking out to my car, the duty manager stops me, says she needs to talk to me. i assumed it was about the drugged man wandering around earlier. we called the police and they took him in, but maybe since i was there i needed a de-briefing. and then she told me about my co-worker. it was like swallowing a brick. just a huge weight sinking to the bottom of my stomach. someone so healthy, full of life, always happy and such a good worker... gone. she wasn't sick, she wasn't that old. she'd only be in her early fifties. we were exchanging cute cat videos the last time we were on break together. laughing at cats and kittens on youtube. i'm still trying to register that i'll never work with her again. never see her again, or hear her again. she's gone. so i say to you guys, live life to the fullest. these jobs may suck and the people may be horrible, but enjoy what you can. you never know when time is up. it doesn't matter how healthy you are, you never know. rest peacefully, angela. we love and miss you so much. i work for a company that is kind of known for selling everything. well today, while stocking some pasta sauce, i heard a convo between a young boy and his mother. the boy was complaining about not getting a toy while the mother replied "if you behaved youd get it. but you aren't behaving so i may just return you to everything store." the young boy came up to me. yb: excuse me. do you really sell kids here? me: we sure do. it's just sometimes they can be a little to wild so we keep them in back. yb: really? me: yup! they're mostly good kids but sometimes we get a bad one in the bunch. they tend to get returned. yb: did i come from here? me: i'm not to sure. i think i remember seeing you but i can't be sure. let me bar code. it's on your neck so if you could just turn around for a second. i pretended to scan him me: yup... uhoh. it looks like you were recalled. i looked at the mother to talk to her me: i'm sure if you take him to the service desk they'll just trade him out for a newer model. at this point the boy looked scared while the mother was trying not to lose herself i the laughter. mom: thanks but i think i'll keep him for a little while. she walked off trying not to smile. i didn't here the kid complain about that toy for the rest of their shopping.i work at a coffee shop that also serves soups and sandwiches. today i was working the sandwich station. when orders pop up on my screen, they're labelled either "eat in" or "take out," depending on what the cashier punched in. an order comes up- a bunch of soups and sandwiches to go. so, as i was finishing placing their food into bags, a rude lady (rl) pipes up: &gt;"surely you're not bagging up all my food." &gt;me: "yeah, it says 'to go' on my screen." &gt;rl: she scoffs, "well, i want it for here. what is so difficult about that for you?" &gt;me: "...i just follow my screen. i'm sorry. usually a customer will tell us if they're eating in, otherwise we assume it's to go. i'll remake this for here." (i said this in a pretty neutral tone, i just wanted her to know for future so we don't waste more materials bagging her food next time.) &gt;rl: "well, i never. i shouldn't have you tell you guys whether i'm eating here or not." i just bite my tongue and continue on. as i'm walking away to grab some china plates, a co-worker (cw) asked her if there was anything he could do as she was visibly irritated: &gt;rl: "no. the girl was being very rude." &gt;cw: "ma'am, she has a name- it's princessimpeach. we would thank you to show us a little respect." after that, the rude lady completely shut up and took her food to go. omgican'tevenback to work at the weekend after a short absence when someone hit me with a [fridge they were stealing]( my colleague, let's call her rose, is with me on the customer service desk making sure that i'm ok on my first shift back, when she spots someone. she points him out to me. &gt;rose: that guy wearing the puffer coat is a shoplifter. he's banned from the town centre so tries his luck out here. he's not very successful. &gt;me: why? &gt;rose: watch him. he's on the prowl. shoplifter then proceeds to head towards the mobile phone display at the rear of the store. these are dummy units made to resemble the actual phone. they have a massive bolt through them that slots into a rod on the display and is held down by a cord, but our shoplifter is either too high or too stupid to realise this. smartphone = cash = whatever his fix is. sidenote. our store is fairly large, but is laid out so you can't take the smaller items and have a straight run at the exit. i know for a fact that there are two uniformed guards around the store, both of which at this point are closer to the door than the shoplifter. shoplifter makes a show of checking his phone and looking for accessories. he picks up a case, a charger, headset, reading the boxes before looking around. the security guards are not looking in his direction. he grabs the nearest dummy smartphone (still not realising that it's a dummy) and starts to run. before now, i never realised how much of the cord can unspool before it stops. for anyone else curious about this, the answer is not much. our intrepid thief gets no more than two metres before it stops and like in a cartoon, he is jerked backwards and to the floor. dazed, he stands up, and tries again, snapping the cord and running off with the dummy phone. i honestly don't know what was funnier - the drop to the floor, the look on his face when the police informed him that he had stolen a dummy phone, or the fact that the security staff and the duty manager were really trying hard not to laugh at the guy as he was led away in handcuffs.weirdest tale i have is an elderly customer who used to come in once a week for sherry, we used to have a bit of a chat, it was a social outing for her for the week. i didn't see her for a couple of weeks, a letter rocked up to work. it turns out she had passed on and left me all her antique furniture and for my family to live in her place until we all die rent free. best i can tell she did it to screw over her kids who never paid her attention. very awkward position that took some delicate work to get out of and not come across as a scam artist!had to update my flair for this and everything. this happened about a few minutes ago. i come in to work in the morning to open up the store, (i work as a guy trying to sell you phones), and i start setting up the place. wiping the counter, cashing in and making sure all our phones in the back are fine and dandy. anyways, the first few hours by myself pass just fine without any customers walking through the door and i continue browsing tfr. eventually the other coworker comes by to relieve me so i can go on my break. i start to think about to have for my lunch as i forgot to bring it with me in the morning and, as i'm pondering over a sandwich or something else from a local coffee chain nearby, i hear the door open and happen to overhear this conversation between my co-worker and the customer. &gt; coworker: "good afternoon sir, welcome to *insert store name here* how can i hel-" &gt; customer: "hey, i have to go real badly, do you have a washroom?" &gt; cw: "umm, yes just in the back here" &gt; customer: "oh thank you, ive been holding it in for a while" *hurried footsteps* *belt loosening* (at this point, i'm wondering if he's really running into the washroom or if he's coming into the break room, he sounds really close) *door opens* the conversation now continues with me and the customer. &gt; customer: "this is weird, why's there a table in the washroom? oh well, excuse me please" *he grabs a nearby empty cup and unzips* *i immediately back up putting a table between customer and me* &gt; me: "whoa, sorry sir, but this isn't a washroom, this is our break-" *customer starts to pee into the cup* &gt; me: "sir this is not a washroom!, please stop peeing where we eat" *he finishes up* &gt; customer: "oh... sorry" *zips up, and (thankfully) takes his pee cup with him outside* i stood there stunned as all hell as to what just happened. after about 3 minutes, i grabbed my things and left the break room. called up my manager and told her i'm taking the day off. have a good rest of your shift reddit. *edits for formatting*hi tfr! long time lurker, first time posting! some background, i work at a pretty nice gym. it has a sauna, masseuse and all that jazz. any way. it is our policy that when members want to bring a guest for the day that they have to pay a guest fee. for adults (15 and older) its 10 bucks a day. for children (15 and under) it's 5 bucks a day. however if you're under 15 and don't have a person who is 18 years or older to supervise you, you can't get in. story time. it was a holiday when this occurred. now on holidays we're pretty busy. kids are out of school, parents looking for something for their children to do etc. i was on the phone when these three girls came in. my coworker was handing them guest forms for them to fill in and telling them that it was 10 dollars to get in. i had to help another customer but i could hear that they were arguing with him about something. he got paged to go help in another department so i took over for him. "hi!" i greeted them. "it's 10 dollars each. will you be paying together or separately?" "ummmm, yeah. we were told that it was going to be only 5 dollars each." the girls looked at each other and rolled their eyes. their friend that was the member shows up at the front desk. note that he is 16. "well actually that's the children's price." "oh." the girls looked at each other. "well i'm 14. under 15, you have to give me the child's price." the other two piped in. "yeah, we're 13!" "oh, well i'm sorry but then i can't let you in." their mouths dropped open. i answered the phone as the girls conversed with the their friend. i finished the call and see them holding out their credit cards to pay. "i'm sorry but unless you're 15 i can't let you in." i say as i smile sweetly. "you have to be supervised by someone 18 or older." "they don't know how the rules work." the member blurted out. "oh?" i raise my eyebrow at them. "look i'm sorry. i'm actually 15. we all are." the lead girl said. "that's funny you told me you were 14 a second ago." "i know. i'm actually 15. she probably was, they all looked about upper high-school age. "are you?...." i stared at her intently, almost like i was trying to stare into her soul. she gulped. "yes. i apologise." her voice wobbled. "i was trying to get the cheaper price." victory! i stared at her a moment longer. "okay!" i chirped happily. "that'll be 10 bucks!" the one thing i don't like about being a cashier, is the amount of people who believe i'm a high school drop out or something. backstory: i first started using solidworks and autocad in 2010, college i was doing drafting. so this lady comes up and i ring her up, i convince her to sign up for our rewards program &gt;ok ma'am, i will also need your email address. well so it begins. &gt;it's my first name and last name followed by the number one spelled out. as in oh as in one n as in new and then e as in eat... c as in cat a as in apple d as in dog. oh cool, cad i remember autocad &gt;ok ma'am, oh cool cad. you do drafting? she seemed a bit shocked to see me say that. &gt;oh! i'm surprised you know what that word means! did your parents do it? no. &gt;no, i did. i don't want to explain my life to someone. &gt;well you're not doing drafting right now... let me guess you failed because it was to hard? it's ok its not for everyone, some people just don't have the smarts. i had to drop out of college so i can pay my bills in couldn't afford rent car etc not full time. i didn't say anything after that, and did my best not to call her a bitch while i handed her her things. but damn does that make my blood boil. background: i work for a consumer electronics store. i've worked in nearly every department and this particular exchange happened when i was working at the asset protection desk. lady: you guys are sold out of this item, can i get a raincheck? me: sure, you'll just have to go to the customer service desk and they can issue one for you. lady: i don't have time to stand in line, can't you just give me one here? me: i'm sorry, but i don't have a computer here to issue rainchecks. there is only one person in line at customer service, i'm sure they'll be done soon. lady: so, what you are saying is you're not going to help me? i'm never coming to this store again. *storms out of the store* me: o_0 another satisfied customer.so, here's another story from my adventures at a sandwich shop. a while back, i was working and a lady came in. she looked grumpy, so i braced myself for the worst. me: hi! how can i help you today? gl: i want a 12" ham on wheat. so i make it for her and was just about to put it in the toaster when she asks if she can get bacon on there, which i happily oblige to. so i finish making her sandwich, and surprisingly nothing annoying had happened yet. so i ring her up and tell her the price when she gets this pissed off look on her face. gl: hey. i thought that was supposed to be $5.00! me: sorry, ma'am. bacon costs $1.00 extra. gl: ugh. if i would have known that, i woudnt have gotten it. you were supposed to tell me. me: i'm sorry, ma'am, but all of our prices are listed on the signs directly above me. i assumed you were aware that bacon isn't free and had looked at our signs and understood our prices. gl: that is ridiculous. i shouldn't have to look at the signs. that bacon should be free, and i'm not paying for it! i had enough of her at this point. me: tell that to the deli at the grocey store and see what they tell you. i'm sorry, but bacon has never been free, and you will pay for it or you're not getting it. gl: i want to talk to your manager. the best part: my manager was up there the whole time. he just stared at her, turned around, and walked away. needless to say, she paid for her bacon.a few days ago i was in box office at the chain movie theater i've been working my senior year of high school. it was in the middle of a big rush, and a coworker, one of my managers, and i were working through the line efficiently. some woman (35 y.o. or so) with younger kids got to the front of the very long line and had no idea what movie she wanted to see, so she stepped to the side (out of the line, this is important) and told me to take the next few guests. a solid 6-7 minutes later, the woman interrupted me while i was with a customer and demanded her tickets. given that she'd been loitering for that long, and the line was down to maybe 5 people, i asked that she wait until i'm done serving the people in line (bear in mind with 3 cashiers this would have taken 2-3 minutes tops). she proceeded to flip at least several shits, saying something along the lines of "how dare you?! i already waited in line! i'm a paying customer! i don't like that!" trying to maintain calm, i told her she could go over to guest services, where there was no line, and they could help her out very quickly. apparently the 10-yard walk wasn't worth it so she just got back in line, glaring at me the whole time. when she reached the front, my coworker was the one who ended up helping her, but she decided to interrupt a transaction--again--to come and yell at me, saying "i can't believe some high school dropout can tell me to wait in line again!" at this point, my manager (who is also a total bro) looked over, smiled, and said, "ma'am, that 'high school dropout' you're insulting is actually in the top 10% of his class and is going to one of the best universities in the country this fall. wrongly insulting him when he's doing his job 100% correctly won't get you anywhere." she stood with her mouth open for a moment, glancing between my manager and me. we both smiled at her, she got her tickets. when she got her soda, she promptly spilled it and was made to pay for another one by the same manager. tl;dr: do you see what you get, carla?! do you see what you get when you mess with the warrior?!it never fails, weekend nights i'm herding customers out the door at closing time every time. most of them just need a little push (not literal, though i'd love it to be sometimes) towards the door, but some are special little snowflakes who are "by-god gonna stay here as long i as want, you peon". good thing our lighting is controlled by corporate and goes down to pretty much emergency lighting about ten minutes after we close. you can see, but it is *obvious* that the store is closed. i was making my rounds the other night after having closed the last register, when lo and behold, what to my wondrous eyes did appear but a special little snowflake (sls) coming up the up escalator into the men's department. i intercepted her at the top landing and asked which exit door she needed to use, as they were all locked at this point. sls: oh, no, i'm not leaving, i need to look at men's bathing suits. me: m'am, the store is closed, i can escort you to an exit and unlock it for you. sls: no! show me where the swimsuits are! me: m'am, again, the store is closed, the registers are all shut down, we open tomorrow at ten am, which exit door would you like to use? sls: none! i demand you show me to the men's bathing suits! you are not closing until i... (wham! lights go out) sls: (clearly unnerved) why are the lights off? me: because, as i said, we are closed. now, which exit did you need to use? sls: meekly points in the general direction of an exit, i let her out, she never says another word. so our pos system is stupid. you can't go back once you hit 'total', so if the price doesn't sound right to the customer, you can't go back and tell them the price on everything. i had my manager come help me because i'm still new and i all ready rerang this order once. my manager then hits the 'total' button, tries to go back, then turns to me... "sailor_doctorwho, what did you do!?" "what do you mean what did i do?" "i can't go back." "that's because you hit total" "no, i didn't. rering this up." "..." so for the 3rd time, i rang this customer up and the customer was just so fed up she didn't care about the price and left angrily. and apparently my manager thinks i ninja walked behind her, pressed total, and silently slipped away to my spot 2 feet away without her noticing. maybe it was just to spite her, i'm not sure since i didn't actually do that!i've been lurking here since i started my job at a supermarket, and finally i have a story i want to share! i was working self service on saturday, and somehow despite the fact that i'd only been there half an hour it felt like i'd received a full day's abuse, and i already hated every customer in existence. there was finally a quiet moment when miraculously i had no customers, and a sweet little old man came up and decided to use the self service machine for the first time since there was no queue. he told me he'd need some extra help, and i was happy to (especially because he was incredibly entertaining to talk to). i actually only had to show him where the scanner was, because he carefully read and followed all of the directions on the screen. i went a tidied up another machine so he didn't feel like i was hovering and when i came back he had finished his shop and was trying to pay for the shopping, by waving his £10 note in front of the scanner. "i can't get it to work." he looked at me in confusion. i told him these machine confuse everyone when it comes to paying because all of them are different and showed him the hole the notes go in, and he laughed at himself when he realised that of course the machines wouldn't scan anything without a barcode, and then he told me he'd probably be back in an hour because he'll have bought the wrong milk, and went off with his shopping bag to his wife.customer just called the store. she says she can't get into her account and needs to to pay her bill. i kindly tell her i can't go into her account over the phone, but if she has another phone to use she can call customer care to pay. she yells "read my lips. i dont have access to my account". i said, "ma'am, we're talking on the phone. i can't read your lips." needless to say. she didn't like that.hi guys, its been awhile. so a customer comes over to my co-workers register mid-day yesterday with a very disgusting dog bed - it was soiled, had hair all over it, and a hole that was obviously made by said dog. the customer starts proclaiming: "i want a refund, i bought this dog bed two weeks ago and it is an absolute disgrace!" queue co-worker getting manager over to speak with dog man (dm for short) dm: "can you believe i've had this dog bed for two weeks and my dog chewed a hole in it??? i would like a refund." manager: "sir, we can't refund you because your dog chewed a hole in it." dm: "you aren't going to stand behind your products??? you need to give me a refund." manager: "sir, we are an off-price retailer and we don't make our own products. it's a dog, dogs are going to chew holes in things." dm: "my dog doesn't know it's a dog. it has never done anything like this before, it must be the dog bed." manager: "i'm not going to refund your money." dm: "ok, can i just leave it here then?" my manager was literally trying not to laugh through the entire thing. after working in retail for over 4 years, i can say that this is the most hilariously bold thing any of my customers has ever done.a few years back i used to work at a medium sized supermarket in the uk. we all used to send each other warning emails if ever someone tried a scam at one of our stores, even if the store was the other side of the friggin' country. i remember once getting an email that actually impressed me. it was a two man operation, and essentially it was a gift card scam. they'd load a large trolley **full** of shopping, and make their way to the checkout. they would also have a gift card. what would happen next is that they'd get the cashier to put £500 on the gift card at the start of the transaction. the cashier would then continue to scan each item, and then one of the guys would disappear. when the cashier had finished scanning everything, the dude left behind would suddenly realise he'd "left his wallet in his car". he'd then run out to go grab it... only he'd never come back. during this time, the guy who did a disappearing act earlier had gone to another checkout with a £400+ tv, and paid with his now pre-loaded £500 gift card. sometimes, the ingenuity of the shifty and dodgy amaze me. **edit: for clarity, after this incident our gift card policies were overhauled so that going forward gift cards were processed as the last item in the transaction, and weren't hadn't over until the transaction was closed and payment taken.**i've had a rough week, and yesterday at work something happened that cheered me up immensely. i work at a teen resale shop. a woman came in to shop while her husband obediently followed her, carried her clothes and what not. eventually she comes to check out, and she realized she forgot her purse. so, being a good husband, he goes out to the car to get it. on his way back in, he sees myself, my co-worker and his wife all waiting for him at the counter. he stops- smiles- and then throws the bag over his shoulder like a runway model. as he catwalked back to the counter, swinging his hips side to side and putting a little strut in his step, he said in his sassiest voice- "oh sorry, i just forgot my purse!" might not be as funny on print, but we were in a fit of giggles when he walked out the door with his now-embarrassed wife. he was still carrying her bags- and still catwalking.not sure where else to post this, but i really need to get this off my chest. i am a gymnastics coach, and i generally love my job. i work with the upper level girls, the ones that go out and compete, even though i'm considered pretty young (college age) to be coaching teams. we're a pretty small gym and the parents are, for the most part, great to work with. but there is one. ohhhhh there is always that one. this mom, a woman who takes pride in the fact that she is a children's therapist and basically a glorified tutor, is the most "i'm their friend first, and their parent second." person i have ever met in my life when it comes to her children. she brought her daughter, entitled mini witch (emw for short), to our program just under 4 years ago. now, emw is talented, but because her mother lets her get away with murder, she is one of the most lazy, rude, and miserable children i have ever had to work with. i am absolutely heated in a conversation that happened during my lunch break, and i just need to get this out of my system before going back for the team's second work out because i'm still livid. i'm eating at the front desk and sorting through paperwork, because it's easier for me to just stay there rather than drive all the way back home then all the way back to the gym, and there are no classes during the afternoon, so my boss is fine with it. this mother storms into the gym, marches straight up to the desk and says, "ginger24, i am absolutely shocked and appalled by what emw told me today, but i know kids can exaggerate, so i wanted to come talk to you before going to [owner]." awh shoot. i know exactly what's coming. this girl came to practice 20 minutes late, we were almost done with warm up, and she was being generally unpleasant. but its two-a-days, and mornings suck, so i was trying to be understanding. i got nothing but backsass and "i can't do [event she doesn't like], my ankle hurts." yet, when we got to an event she enjoyed, she was magically healed. i was having none of it. but like the good little peon i am, i responded with, "oh, uhm, okay. what did emw tell you about practice?" **mom**: "she said that you made her condition for the whole practice while everyone else was working out. all practice! she was in tears by the time she got home because you were so rude to her" alright, now i'm kind of agitated, but i expected this kind of thing. this sounds like a typical case of a 13 year old girl who is blatantly manipulating her mother. regardless, i know this family, and i know that trying to explain this would go in one ear, and out the other, so i respond in my most sickly-sweet customer service voice, "ah, well, i'm sorry emw was crying after practice, but i was trying to keep her as healthy as possible. see, when she got here late i asked her to warm up on her own while we went to tumbling. as soon as she finished she got through two turns before complaining that her ankle hurt. i had her sit and ice it for 10 minutes, take the ice off for 5, then had her come try tumbling again. she said it still hurt, so i had her do the "leg/ankle injury" conditioning list so that she was still working while giving her ankle a break." **mom**: "okay, but then why didn't you let her do trampoline?" understandable question, but i was so sick of this girl coming up to me, demanding to do trampoline, insisting that her ankle felt better, and that i was just a horrible, mean person, that i had had enough of the way she was treating me. i explained to the mother that, "if the impact of using nothing but a spring floor and her own momentum caused pain in emw's ankle so badly that she couldn't tumble, adding a trampoline into that mix would absolutely cause her excruciating pain. i didn't want her to further injure herself, so i had her finish the list." this is where it gets insane. this is where i legitimately expect to lose my stuffing. her mom decided to inform me, "emw was just being dramatic. i'm sure her ankle wasn't as bad as it seemed, she just doesn't like tumbling. i'm sure you know that. she wanted to do trampoline though and i don't understand why you wouldn't let her just because she was pretending to get hurt." what? no, seriously, what? my mind was absolutely blown. i was so infuriated i was tempted to kick her out right then and there. but alas, i kept my voice steady and my smile permanently plastered as i informed this mother, "i'm sorry mrs. [last name], here at [gym name] we take athlete health and injuries very seriously. i had no way of knowing whether emw's ankle was barely twisted, or about to fall off. i had nothing but emw's word to decide what to do. when an athlete says they are in that much pain, i cannot, in good conscience, allow them to further injure themselves. if emw wants to be a part of gymnastics, she has to practice gymnastics. if she wants to be a part of trampoline, there is a [name of a business with wall to wall trampolines and a history of a lot of injuries that is pretty popular on the west coast] about 20 minutes away." she huffed out and said that emw wasn't feeling well and would not be coming to night practice today. i asked that she make sure emw gets some ice on that ankle as she walked out the door. i called the owner as soon as the mother left and let her know what happened. she just laughed and said she'd take care of it if she got a call. sorry for the wall of text, and if there is somewhere better to put this please let me know, but i really just needed to get that out there. **edit**: i realized some of you might not know what conditioning is. its basically the strength part of gymnastics. push-ups, sit-ups, pull-ups, things like that where you aren't actually doing anything completely gymnastics related, just focusing on building muscle and endurance. **edit 2**: obligatory "holy shit i'm on the front page!!!" edit. but seriously, thank you to everyone who upvoted and everyone who commented. y'all made my day so much better. if anyone was wondering, second practice went very well, and we even played a game at the end of practice. one of the girls asked where emw was, and i explained that she was resting her ankle. one of my other girls asked, "you know she was faking, right?" my only response was, "i know" and we moved on. very good, very productive practice. i love my job**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new year’s eve. **story:** saying that we get a lot of interesting characters at the fireworks tent is an understatement of epic proportions. it's the equivalent of saying “miley cyrus has changed since appearing on hanna montana”. one of our regulars is affectionately known as “batman”. the first time i met him, he arrived at the tent riding a bicycle (i should mention he was 19 then), and looking for a very specific type of firework. he wanted something small, less than 1/2 inch in diameter, that would shoot flaming balls or some other object, preferably that exploded on impact. it also had to be less than 7 1/2 inches long. in retrospect, i probably should have been more curious or concerned about his requirements. in all honesty, i get so many strange questions and requests; i don't think his went above a 4 on my weird shit meter. i spent some time walking around with him and showing him different fireworks that might fit his needs. i suggested possibly a roman candle trimmed down in length, since most of the tube is just empty space anyway. he browsed for a while, and then left without buying anything. a few hours later, he peddled up to my tent again, and asked if there was someplace private that we could talk. i was busy, but now i was definitely more than a little curious. i led him outside of the tent and into my on-site storage container reaching into his backpack, he pulled out a set of black batman forearm guards, similar to [this]( but made completely out of metal. there was a metal cylinder that ran the length of the guard to support the blades. he had pulled the end off of the cylinder, and wanted to shove the fireworks in the hole so that they could shoot out. i stupidly asked him what this was for, and he looked at me dead in the eyes and told me that he couldn't say. **yes!** it's like that one perfect moment, where time slows down, and everything inexplicably comes together to create a magical point in time. it's like hitting the homerun in the bottom of the ninth inning to come from behind and win the big game. it's like looking up and seeing the lottery numbers you picked displayed on screen after the drawing. it's like watching your newborn baby draw their first breath. i was about to supply bat-shit crazy batman with his weapons. i spent the next hour personally modifying roman candles so that they would fit in the cylinder. i provided him with a generous supply, no charge of course. how can you charge batman for his weapons?!? he solemnly thanked me, climbed onto his bicycle, and pedaled off into the sunset. i anxiously watched the news every night for weeks, waiting for the tales of his exploits. alas, they never appeared, obviously covered up by the corrupt media in partnership with the underworld bosses. i see him every year, back at the tent, and browsing for fireworks. when our eyes lock, we exchange a knowing nod, and i always inquire as to whether he needs any more..."supplies". he has not. obviously he's now importing them from china in mass quantities under a fictitious company name, so as to avoid suspicion. and so it begins. ---- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](so this just happened about 30 minutes ago. i work for a courier and it's not that busy in the mornings but today was unusually busy. i'm doing a shipment for a lady, and this guy comes in asking if we send express mail, and he has important documents to send (remember this for later). i say yes, we offer that service and give him an express envelope to put his stuff in. he seals the envelope immediately and asks if we do same day local delivery. again, i say yes, we offer that service but because he sealed the envelope already i just needed him to write the address of the receiver on a sticker so he doesn't need to take his documents out of his envelope. for same day delivery we have to call a driver over so there's no need to print a label and all that. apparently that was too much effort for this guy and goes: "wow, you guys have absolutely no clue what you're doing! i'm going to another location! let me talk to your manager!" "i am the manager" (i'm 19 and asian so i probably look like i'm 15) "fuck this i'm out" what happened next was totally unexpected and hilarious. our express envelopes have a little strip you can tear down so you can open it without ruining the whole thing, but mr. hulk here had a little lapse in judgement, so instead of tearing through the small strip he literally tore the envelope from top to bottom, destroying his precious documents. as soon as he did that he just stood there, stunned and i just burst out laughing and giggling and told him to gtfo the store. his face was red with embarrassment and he just stormed out with his ruined documents. tl;dr: don't piss in your own cereal edit: formatting, posting from phonei work at a large retail pet chain. we are constantly understaffed. for example, today, for a saturday, it was me in pet care, a cashier, and one manager. it was awful. my manager posted some comments we got on a survey and i swear, i want to meet the people who wrote this a hug them. "why less than satisfied: the line was long. cashier called for help and it was a long time before anyone showed up. manager was not helping, he was walking around." beautiful. edit: on break currently. store manager yelled at us because our offering of assistance scores were extremely low (30%). huh, i wonder why. so i work at an autopart store and today i had the most amazing thing happen. so this old lady comes in and i greet her and ask if she needs any help. well her car battery turned out to be bad and she needed a new one. so i looked it up and it cost $110 after turning in her old one. she agrees and i go grab it, i ring it up and with the $15 core charge it comes out to around $136. she slides her debit card and it gets declined. she kind of sighs and she gets out her credit card and it is declined again. i can see she is almost in tears so i decide to remove the core charge in good faith that she will bring the old battery in and i take 10% off the purchase. she is very thankful and we try to slide her card again and its declined. now i'm feeling very bad. there was a lady that was being helped right next to us and she notices that the card was declined. she asks the lady if everything is okay. the old lady answers that she's okay but unfortunately doesn't have enough to buy the battery. she then tells me that she will be back to buy the battery after she goes and borrows some money from one of her siblings. then the amazing thing happens, the other lady tells her not to worry that she will buy the battery for her. the old lady burst into tears and tells the other lady that its fine she doesn't have to do it, but the lady doesn't take no for an answer. she swipes her card and pays for the battery. this old lady is in tears, i'm trying my best not to cry and so is my other coworker. the lady tells the old lady that she had recently got some money from an inheritance and that she didn't really need it. so she figured she would do a good deed and help someone out in need. i ask the old lady if she had anyone to put her new battery in and she replied no, that she was planning on taking it to a shop. i told her not to worry that i would install her battery in for her. she started crying again and hugs the other lady and then runs up to me and hugs me. i drove her to where her car was stranded and changed her battery. she was so thankful and told me that today would have been a horrible day if it wasn't for me and the other lady. she tried to hand me a $20 bill for gas but i refused telling her this was my good deed for the day. i've never seen such an act of kindness like i did today and i will never forget this day. tl:dr: old lady doesn't have enough to buy a car battery, random stranger buys the battery for her out of kindness and then i gave her a ride to her car and installed the battery for her. there was a lot of tears shed today by everyone. edit: thanks for the gold!a couple of days ago, i was pulling a double shift (9 am-close) and it was serene - four or five customers, six associates in the store, just another tuesday in retail. we're across the street from a mixed-income neighborhood, so a lot of our customers come from there. lot of nice people, some non-english speakers, but people who are super nice and make the job fun. around 815 pm, three teenage boys started to ride around the parking lot in their bikes. we don't think much of this - it's a large parking lot, filled with many stores (such as sprawl mart). we start picking up the carts from the parking lots as the three boys walk into the store, playing with the laptops and tablets, then the cameras. fine, whatever we thought, we're almost closed, so be it. then they entered the small electronics department and started to knock things over - throwing down ipad cases on the floor, putting the music on loud and cursing at each other, running around the television area and putting terrible things on the smart tv's (websites with pornographic images, loud music - note: we never blocked websites on the smart tv's, but now we do, we never thought this would happen." my manager comes over, talks to them, but as he does, they start calling him names - "old man mcgee" (our boss' last name is mcgee) - as well as attempting to push around the vacuums and knocking things over. our manager, a patient man who we never heard raise his voice, yelled "learn some goddamed manners and get out!" the boys laughed and gave up, and walked out the store as we cleaned up the mess they left us (especially one in the furniture area, who peed on the recliners). at close, as we were removing the recliners and marking "defective merchandise - move to atlanta" on each of them, a woman banged on our doors (they were locked) and screams "open your doors!" my manager walked up to the door and pointed to his watch, "we're closed ma'am. we'll be open at 10 am tomorrow for your shopping convenience." but then we see those three boys as well around her, banging on the doors. the manager opened the doors slowly, and as the woman tried to push herself in, our manager blocked her entrance. "ma'am, we're closed. and your boys left us a mess, so even if we were open, we wouldn't let you in. one of your boys peed on the recliners, which is going to lose us money on each one. we have to order new ones and tell corporate what happened to each one." the mom kept pushing on the manager and the doors, then yelled, "yall don't yell at ma kids! they good, yall evil! they just express themselves! yall evil and bad and we will yall managers." our manager, in a smug voice, says, "sure ma'am, call corporate, but we have so much evidence against your boys." one boy kept screaming over us "i aint goin' back to juvie!" no way! aint going back to juvie. mama i aint going back." next morning, we open up at 10 am, and who's the first customer - mama crazy! the store is quiet, a lot of us had just pulled doubles, and so everyone is tired and just waiting for the day to end. the same manager from the night before is there, and she walks up to him, huffing and puffing. "lemme see those recliners. i don't believe you. yall trying to put my boys in juvie and they all i have." my manager walks the woman to the warehouse, and we follow. he shows her the photos of what her boys have done, and then showed her the recliners, lined up, marked defective. "how do i know you didn't pee on it? how do i know you didn't stage this because you don't like ma kids? this is a witch hunt, ma boys aint going to juvie, yall got no proof. i love my boys!" our manager walks her out, and as she leaves, he says, "we are pressing charges ma'am. we have every camera, every photo, and six associates who saw what happened. we'll see you in court." as of today (friday, 25 january) - the police arrested the three boys, they pleaded not guilty, and we're going to court. background info! in the little rural city i live in, there is a pretty common thing teenage pregnancies. not saying it's a bad thing, because it isn't always. what i mean is we get lots and lots of them. mainly between the ages of 14 - 17. i'm 18 and currently work in fashion retail, it's a mid - high end unique boutique (only one of us!) so there is no head office, just the owner. i'm at work the other day, it's been pretty slow so i'm just wasting my time trying on clothes. i hear people so i quickly rush back to the counter, where i see two former friends of mine. we lost contact when we were all 14 because they were getting into alcohol and drugs heavily and i was backing away, i ended up moving town and so did one of the other girls. i moved back and i had no interest in trying to reconnect with any of them so i haven't. four years have past and now here they are standing in front me. let me paint a picture. both hair quite messy hair and thick makeup, uggs, quite worn looking leggings and plain shirts, both with a toddler in a stroller. they are t and s, i am me &gt;me : oh wow, it's been ages! how are you? &gt;t : amazing. having a child has changed my life, i feel so fulfilled now! i finally have something to do with myself &gt;me : that's wonderful &gt;s : so, how long have you been working here? never seen you here before &gt;me : about 18 months now i think &gt;s : aw! that's so funny, my little boy here is almost 18 months. it's funny that, thinking i could've been wasting my time away in a shop all this long.. &gt;me : excuse me? &gt;s : oh silly me, of course! you have a baby at home, right? &gt;me : uh, no.. &gt;t : but you're 18? you're 18 and you still haven't had your first baby!? wow.. &gt;me : (blankly stares at them in disbelief) &gt;s : you've at least started trying right? your boyfriend wants kids too, right? (she actually looked concerned that i hadn't started popping out kids yet) &gt;me : yeah we want kids, in like 8 years maybe if we're ready. who knows when, all i know is not right now &gt;t : engaged? &gt;me : he turned 18 like 2 weeks ago, so i don't really think marriage is at the top of his priority list. or mine actually. we've been together for more than a year, but there's no rush especially while we're young &gt;t : well good luck with that.. if he's not willing to commit now then i don't see much hope for the future.. word of advice though honey, i'd push to have those kids soon, because otherwise you're going to be stuck with the same nothing you have now &gt;me : i have nothing? wrong, i have a high school education and semi-decent job with plenty of room of growth. i'm not so insecure in my relationship i demand a ring in 6 months. if a guy wants to cheat, a little metal band doesn't stop anything. you however, well. good luck living off one minimum wage paycheck for a few years until you can get a job. and then, good luck getting a job when you have nothing past a year 9 education and no job experience. (big smile that says "fuck you stupid bitches") they just looked at me in stunned silence for a few minutes, then &gt;t : well actually i get welfare money because i have a baby so that makes two paycheck bitch to my luck, they then stormed out of the shop. yay!!**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven. **story:** welcome to the week of scam artists. they rarely get away with it, but that sure doesn't stop them from trying. one of my cashiers was ringing up a large order when she flagged me down. she noticed that the price sticker on one of the items was wrong, and wanted to let me know so we could fix it. we occasionally screw up (once again i'm talking about you josh) and misprice stuff. when we do, we always sell it to the customer at the marked price since it was our fault. we'll then go back and fix the mistake on any remaining inventory on the shelf. the item was a large mortar kit that retails for $169.95 (buy 1 get 1 free). the price tag on it said $49.95, so the female customer was definitely going to get a deal on our screw-up. i walked over to the shelf to check the price on the remaining products, but they all seem to be ok, so i went back to helping other customers. a minute later, i get flagged down again for another price check. it's another large item, and it's priced for less than half of what it normally sells for. i make a mental note to castrate josh, then go to check out the remaining items. once again they all seem to be priced correctly, but i did notice that a different package on the shelf was totally missing a price tag. i grabbed a price gun and tagged the package missing a sticker. i barely finished putting a sticker on the item when i'm flagged down again! now the customer starts fuming and berating my cashier about what screw ups we are. she really starts to raise hell, so i apologize and tell her that we'll take care of the issue. i also remind her that even though the items were mispriced, we were giving them to her at the lower price. i go to check the item on the shelf and once again, all of the remaining inventory seems to be priced right. now my spider sense is tingling. i walked back to the counter to “help” the cashier ring in the rest of the items. amazingly, i noticed that at all of the larger items that the woman has brought to the counter are mispriced. all of her large items, no matter what the original price, now have a price tag of $49.95. i stopped the transaction, looked the lady in the eye, and told her, “i'm not selling you anything, and you need to leave now”. do you remember the scene from the movie “the exorcist” where father merrin (max von sydow) tries to expel the demon from reagan (linda blair)? the scene that unfolded at my tent was very similar to that, but with less head spinning and more swearing. i’m in my 40’s, and i honestly believe that i learned a few new words that day. she combined swear words and ethnic slurs that i’m fairly certain have never been used together before. she wove an amazing tapestry of obscenity, punctuated occasionally by wild arm waving and the liberal use of her middle finger. i think she could have honestly set some type of world record, but i apparently threw off her rhythm when i started applauding her performance. i offered to call the police and have them sort it out, but she was apparently uninterested, and made a beeline for the door. the sad thing was, she would have gotten away with it if she had just changed the price on one or two items. in retrospect, i really need to train my staff better. my cashier actually did a great job in spotting the mispriced items, but when i started to applaud the impressive display of obscenity, none of my staff joined in. i’ll be adding that to our standard operating procedures (sop) before the upcoming new years eve. ---- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](short story, english is not my first language blah blah. my friend has a private nail salon and always offers a very large box of [celebrations candy]( on the table for customers. normally people eat one while they wait, sometimes kids take two or three (you can see where this is going)... so after she paid, a middle aged lady asked "are these free?" to which my friend replied yes. the customer opens her purse and nonchalantly pours the *entire box* of chocolates in it. some of them fall down to the table, she swipes them to the edge of the table and into her purse, which is at this point filled to the brim with chocolates. she shakes my friends' hand and happily walks off. ... the same lady wanted to know if there's any way to stop her nails from growing for good since "filing is work", claiming the nail salons keep this a secret so they won't go out of business.tl;dr - aerosol cheese ain't for sniffin'. just about 20 years ago i worked my first job at a local grocery. fun place to work, generally a good group of kids my age. so i start in the pet food aisle, and after the manager notices i can read the codes i get "promoted" to pasta, where i rotate the stock. this leads to another "promotion" to cereal, where i thwart a casual shoplifter with a well placed mouse glue trap. (tangent: he kept a pack of candy bars hidden behind some cereal, i noticed it when i was rotating stock. asking how to handle it i was allowed to "use my best judgement". the cops and the owner thought it was enough punishment to just pay for the rack of candy.) i put promotion in quotes since it's just more responsibility with no more money. so then, just between the holidays, i get promoted to dairy since the guy who did it before went on a long vacation. so my "promotion" to dairy came with a bonus - i got to call myself **the milkman**. so i notice that there is lots of damaged whipped cream in the back - i mean 2 cases. the red flag went up when i started the job and i was not doing said whiff-its. the manager (we'll call him the davestator) gets really puzzled when the next shipment comes undamaged and we're left with 2 extra cases. this is per week. davestator finally determines that the previous dairy guy, we'll call him pdg, had been doing whiff-its in the cooler. at the time, whipped cream cost about $2 a can, so that was worth about 2 tanks of gas. every. friggin'. week. it wasn't my problem so i let it go. so pdg comes back with a tan and is put on cereal. whatever. a few days go by and someone is eating cheez whiz in the break room. i mention to pdg: "hey, did you ever think about how much more gas there is in that to move the cheez out? i mean it's so much denser than whipped cream, ya know?" what happened next taught me more about the limits of human stupidity, namely, that there are none. about eight minutes after my aerosol cheese versus cream gas power conjecture, i am coming out of the break room. i turn to see pdg spread eagle in the snack aisle. a half empty can of whiz is rolling away from him as he is coughing up yellow, a tell-tale dribble rolling out his right nostril. i didn't think he would actually try it. especially in the middle of the store. davestator is sitting in his observation cube up front, trying very hard not to laugh. he composes himself, having to blow his nose to clear the tears of hilarity, and makes his way to the scene. davestator genuinely liked young adults, so with a look of sadness he stood over pdg and said: "i am sure i don't have to explain why you're fired." he looks at me and i immediately say: "i didn't think he would be dumb enough to try it. i was just joking." he just winked at me and told me to get the spill kit. thanks for listening!i work in a big chain store in australia, one of those stores that sell clothes *and* pet food *and* fishing gear *and* makeup... all in one convenient location! you know the sort. i was working a long shift as door greeter a few weeks ago. we do basic loss prevention too, but the furthest i can go is checking people's bags and stopping them if they set off our alarms when they leave. so the scene is set. enter stage left: a family unit - mother, adult daughter, and apparently overtired father in full dad-joke mode. as they walk into the store, the dad sees me and shoots his arms up, puts on a cheesy grin and yells "strip search!" his daughter fades carefully into the background as i shake my head at this guy. he puts on a pout and says, "aw, you don't wanna strip search me?" before i know it, the words spill out of my mouth... "nah, only the attractive people." ... and then my brain kicked in. ohmygod what the fuck did i just say holy sh- just as i was about to implode, the dad *roars* with laughter, slaps me on the back and promises to put on some pretty makeup for me on his way back out. it still took me a good ten minutes to get over my split-second panic attack...hello, tfr!! this happened a few days back i work in a very well known pharmacy retail chain here in the states. it was a typical day except i was only doing a very short shift instead of a full 8, so i was full of spirit and pretty happy to be going home earlier for once. i was helping a very nice lady with her young 4 year old daughter. normally, it's the young ones that cause us problems but i digress. this happened word for word...and i couldn't be happier. starts off with the typical hello, how are you lines and then it came to ringing up her stuff. some of the items were a bit out of sight for me since some of the items were bulky, and next thing you know, the daughter starts grabbing the smaller items and handing them to me in the gentlest way ever. daughter: here you go, mister. me: thanks! i didn't see those! still, there were a few more items i still couldn't see and there she was, standing there and helping me. i've never had a single kid before help us out, normally they just chuck it at us or throw it in the basket for their parents to give it to us, but nope, this young girl was helping me out completely! me: thank you so much for the help! daughter: you're welcome, mister! i couldn't resist, gave the mom an in-store coupon of 5 bucks just to spend on her next time. sometimes...the young ones really make the day better. *sorry in advance for any formatting issues* i was zoning late last night in the toy department when i heard the most dreaded noises.. the laughter of a small child as he began to play with all the talking action figures i had just fixed. i sighed and prepared myself for having to redo the aisles. after a bit i returned to see how bad it was.. only to see the father patiently standing behind his little boy, showing him other neat toys he could choice from, and cleaning up what little mess the child was making. eventually the little boy settled on a star wars darth vadar mask. just the cheap little face mask, no lights or sound effects. his dad helped put in on and the little boy preceded to "march" around the rest of the store all the while attempting to sing the imperial march...except he was so young all he could manage was repeatedly signing "doo doo doo doo doo" as he walked. dad picked it up though and hummed the rest of the song as they shopped. i laughed and the dad smiled and said "the darkside is strong in this one." anytime the little boy marched away his dad would say "vadar, come on down here!" and he would return, singing his little "doo doo doo." i laugh that i don't like children that much but little vadar was the cutest, well behaved child i have ever seen. i work in a really high end designer's evening gown boutique in a major city, we're talking dresses costing upwards of $1000, so i'm guessing you can all predict the high maintenance types we come across on a daily basis, but this one customer still stands out to me. she was a typical trophy wife who came armed with a superiority complex and a pair of heels. she wanted to try on everything in the store to 'see what matched the shoes best'. after trying on the a few dresses the assistant helping her noticed she'd just dumped the dresses she'd already tried on the ground and was standing on them in her heels. assuming the customer was just absent minded, my coworker politely asked if she could pick up the dresses and rehang them just to ensure they didn't get damaged (reasonable request for a cool $3-$4k worth of dresses sitting on the ground, right?). this customer snapped at our staffer, and during the rest of her stay, continued to dump the rest of the dresses she tried on the ground and continued walking all over them in her heels. eventually our manager entered the change room and assertively (but still politely) requested that she pick up the dresses on the floor to keep them from being pulled or damaged, only to be called out as being rude by this customer, i remember her saying something like "you are so rude, i respect my own clothes, and for you to imply that i might damage one of your dresses is just unforgivable." after leaving the change room in a complete messthe customer comes to the register with a white dress. "i want this one, but i'll be needing a discount, because it has a dirty footprint on it." at this point i'm pretty sure my manager snapped, because the "customer is always right even when they aren't" philosophy she always taught us just went out the window, although she stayed deadly calm during this entire exchange: manager: "i can't give you a discount because this is your footprint." customer: "excuse me, it isn't my footprint." manager: "it is though, i unpacked that dress this morning in our new stock delivery and it had no footprint on it and nobody had tried it on until you did" customer (she's really irate now): "how dare you say i damaged this dress. i'm going to call [our designer's office] about this. even if i did put the footprint on the dress, it was still technically there before i bought it so i shouldn't have to pay full price. i'm sure [designer] is going to be very interested to hear about your customer service." manager: "feel free to call [designer], because i'm sure she would tell you exactly what i'm going to tell you now: our brand doesn't need customers like you, and we don't want customers like you. good day." as my manager calmly walked off into the store and the rest of us supressed our giggles, the customer stood there for a second with a slack-jawed look before grabbing her tacky designer purse and storming out. consequently, she did call our designer's office, and not only did they agree 100% with our manager's actions they apparently also "invited her to seek her future evening gowns from other labels." so great working for a company that backs us retail workers up when we get attacked by a crazy.i was working the cash register at a drug store when razor guy (rg) came up to me with several packs of disposable razors and a handful of other items. i scanned everything and told him his total, and he handed me coupons that made the razors free. i scan the coupons and tell him his total. now, up to this point be was very pleasant. as soon as the total was out of my mouth, he started flipping out. his face was red, the veins were popping out of his neck, and he gradually became louder and louder until he was screaming at me... over 11 cents. rg: that is not my total. you over charged me! those razors should be free! me: they are free, sir. rg: the total should be ($0.11 less)! you are ripping me off! me: sir, the $0.11 is tax on the razors. the coupon states that you are still responsible to pay tax on the product. rg: you're full of sh*t! they're supposed to be freeeee! not 11 cents! f-r-e-e free! get me your manager! now! i page for the manager, and am forced to stare at this guy for 5 minutes while we wait. manager comes up and listens to rg scream at him about the few cents, and tells him about the tax as well. they go back and forth for a few minutes before the manager takes a deep breath , and asks "do you want the stuff or not? because if you're not going to buy it, then you need to leave." rg: of course i want it. here (tosses his debit card at manager, who swipes it and hands him his receipt)... wait. you still charged me the 11 cents? that is robbery! i'm calling your corporate office... manager: (turning his own shade of red, reaches into the "take a penny, leave a penny" cup, pulls out 11 cents and slams it on the counter) here's your change, sir. now get the hell out of my store. rg leaves, and manager looks at me and says: that has got to be the cheapest motherf*cker i have ever met. tl;dr: man loses his mind over $0.11 tax, manager gives him change from "take a penny, leave a penny" cup and throws him out.this is my first time post in here, so sorry if the formatting is off. anyways this happened a couple of nights ago. i work at a large grocery chain store. this happened on sunday night so it was slack and i was clearing excess cardboard off the shelves when this woman came over and asked me where the olive oil was. this wasnt unusual, i get these type of questions all the time. the next part just got strange. i will call the woman cw (crazy woman) and myself m. *was working on my own task* &gt;cw: do you know where the olive oil is? &gt;m: yes its down aisle 10 at the other end. &gt;cw: could you come with me and show me where it is exactly? &gt;m: alright. *at this point it was slack so i didnt mind showing her where it was exactly* &gt;m: alright here is where its at. &gt;cw: can you hold it for me? i dont have enough arms. *this is where it got really weird* &gt;m: mam, do you want me to get you a basket? &gt;cw: noo, i dont need a basket. i wont use it. *i walk to the front and get a basket from the front of the store. &gt;m: here i got you a basket, as it seems you need it. &gt;cw: can you hold the basket, i dont want to hold it. &gt;m: okaaaayyyy....... *she then walks away, and i put the basket down and go on about my work. &gt;cw: i didnt say you could go awaywhere, i need you to carry my basket. &gt;m: i have to get back to my work. &gt;cw: but we still have to get the other things on my list. &gt;m: look im not shopping for you. &gt;cw:*gives me a look* &gt;m: oh i think someone needs some help in the back. i must go, ill leave your basket right here. at this point i leave the basket on the floor, and go around the corner to do something in the back. this was by far the weirdest experience ive ever had at any given point. i think once i gave her the basket, she then thought i was going to do her shopping for her. now this person wasnt old or anything and seemed fine before this. but i will not become someones personal shopper for them.a few years ago, i was working at an office supply store when an old lady comes in. she looks around a bit and then comes up to me and asks where we kept our calendars. i lead her to where we keep them and she starts looking through them. her: "wow, $4.00? i could go to dollar tree and get one for a dollar." me: "well you know you get what you pay for." her: "you're right. they probably have some titties on them or something. i was taken aback that something like that would come out of such a sweet old lady's mouth, but i just chuckled uncomfortably. so she picks out the calendar she wants and says: her: "where do you keep your pens? actually nevermind, i'll just go get those at the dollar tree. me: "careful, you might get some with some titties on them. she had a horrified look on her face and then responded: "i said kitties." much embarrassment and many apologies followed. tl;dr i sexually harassed an old lady.a tale from a few years ago. i was the store manager at a supermarket. i was a really hot day, over 40deg c. the store was air conditioned, but there's only so much it could do, it was probably 30 when its normally kept at 24. it was absolutely dead. mum comes in with kids, grabs a 6pk of icecreams, she opens the box to let the kids have one while their walking around, (which ticks me off in itself, exception being to calm a baby or something, which this isn't) they do and grab a few drinks and some salads. she gets to the checkout, and she realises that the icecreams she has been holding have started melting, and have stained her stark white top. she comes up to the customer service counter, i grab some paper towel and wipes and she spends a couple of minutes trying to blot out as much as possible, we're chatting and im playing concerned manager and all its seemingly all good. then when its obvious it wasn't all coming out she gets snappy. &gt;her: if this doesn't come out you are buying me a new shirt, this is brand new and cost me $80! &gt;me: look, i'm sorry this happened, ill do what i can to help you here, i'm even happy to get you a complementary single serve stain remover type product but we won't be replacing the shirt.. &gt;her: getting *really* aggressive and shouting oh yes you will. your store is too hot! it not fair! &gt;me: staying calm, i'm sorry but you didn't use a basket and you opened the packet, i suggest getting home and as quickly as possible... at this point she cuts me off. shes not going home and is going out and whatever else she rants. she then takes off the top, i'm obviously telling her to stop. she doesn't, she rolls it up and slams it into my face saying &gt;"you (expletive removed) clean it!" so now i have a lady with a couple of young kids standing in front of me with just a bra on the top half. she was being irrational and nothing i was doing sticking with the standard retail face was calming the situation. &gt;me - right, that is not on. leave. now. she refuses, so i call the police in front of her. &gt;her - give me my shirt back! &gt;me - will you leave? &gt;her - no! you have to clean the shirt! &gt;me - no. you just committed assault and i am keeping it to give to the police as evidence. you have to leave. now. the police rock up pretty quickly. they ring the dad to come down and get the kids, its suggested to him to walk down or get dropped down so he can take the car as she's likely to be arrested. dad comes down, gets briefed by the police, grabs the kids and leaves. so police ask me what i want to do. i serve the standard barring notice on her and ask me what i want to do with regards to pressing charges. i say that i'm happy to leave it if she's calm and the police don't want to do the paperwork. police tell the woman that shes not being charged today, but being fined for something else and the shirt is being taken pending a decision on the assault question and shes free to go for now type thing. she rings her husband, who, presumably mortified by the situation, refuses and tells her to make her own way home. cops refuse to give her a lift, says that the bra is as much coverage as is needed and shes not committing indecent exposure and doesn't live that far away. she had to walk home in her bra and shorts. clear across the small country town. i never got a call to go to court, so i don't think the police pursued it.today i am working the register and answering the phone at bigchaingrocery. hello thank you for calling bigchaingrocery this is rusty how may i help you? lady: yeaahhh...sooo...i was there a few days ago and i got ice cream and there aint none in tha house! me: .... lady: maybe i left it on the checkout?! (she is practically shouting at this point) me: well its certainly possible. do you have your receipt? lady: yall gonna replace my damn icecream?!? (my store is very big on give the customer whatever they want as long as the leave happy. whatever. i make minimun wage. i dont get paid enough to care) me: sure maam just bring in your receipt and well replace it for you lady: well hold on lemme find the damn thing. (cue loud rummaging). apparently she finds it and starts reading off her items one by one. its a long list. finally she finshes and suprise she never had any ice cream. lady: now what about my ice cream?!?! me: maam...you didnt buy any ice cream. lady: what you mean i aint buy no damn ice cream?!? me:.....you didnt read off ice cream on your receipt? lady: i didnt? me:..... the lady starts reading off her recipt again. i just zone out. lady: fuck. (hangs up) me: i can help the next person on register 1. closer to the end of my shift today, a family came into the store. it was a mom, dad, and two daughters, probably around 8 and 6. they browsed for a bit, and every once in a while i would listen in. the mom kept asking the daughters if they had enough money for what they were buying and the girls would think it over and answer. when they picked out the items they wanted to buy (two disney infinity characters and a game) and my coworker told them their total, the mom turned to the oldest daughter. "you're paying for these with your birthday money. do you remember how much money you have?" when the daughter shook her head, the mom pulled out her money and slowly counted it with her daughter, letting the daughter add up the 20 dollar bills. when the girl had decided she had $80, my coworker reminded her that she owed $65. the mom asked her if she had enough money to pay for her new toys. the daughter replied yes really hesitantly, and her mom encouraged her to be confident in her answer. so the daughter handed the money to my coworker, who rang up the transaction, gave her the change and helped her count it out. the daughter thanked us and began to leave, carrying the bag, but the mom stayed behind to thank us. she was trying to help her daughter understand the concept of money and its value, and at other places, cashiers would get impatient with how long it took the daughter to count her money and decide if it was enough. it may seem very insignificant, but examples of good parenting coming into my store are few and far between, and i thought i'd share with you all.a woman, we shall call bbb (barbarian book buyer) came into my used bookstore, browsing and chatting. it seemed pleasant enough at first. bbb pulled out a book and said, "oh, what a lovely inscription." she read it aloud. someone had written on the fly leaf a sweet poem. she liked it so much she read it out loud again. bbb said, "i want this." i thought she meant that she wanted the book, but no she just wanted the poem. she started to tear the page out. "whoa!" i yelled. "you can't just tear pages out of a book." bbb: "what's the problem? it's just a blank page. who cares?" me: "i care. if you want the poem, you can buy the book." bbb: "i'm not buying a book just for one page." me: "well, you're certainly not tearing a page out of any of my books without paying for it. if you buy it, you can set it on fire. until then, please don't destroy the books. but then, the book is only three dollars." bbb: "fine! i'll buy it." she put the book on the counter and proceeds to tear the page. me: "i must insist that you pay for the book first before you destroy it." bbb: "huh? i said i was going to pay for it. did you think i wouldn't?" me: "ma'am, you're in a bookstore about to rip pages out of a book. i think you could be capable of anything." bbb: "you're kind of a bitch, aren't you." me, incredulous, but not giving ground: "you have no idea of how much of a bitch i am." bbb: "fine!" she slapped a five down on the counter. i gave her change. me: "okay, now you can tear the book up, to your heart's content... although it's still painful to watch." bbb: "god. you are a real piece of work. so... are you hiring?" tl/dr: customer wants to tear out a page from a book, calls me a name, then asks me for a job. so, i was a cashier working at a major grocery store chain. often, we have deals with items that are buy one, get one free. so anyways, onto the story. i was working as a cashier one night and this lady came up with nothing but items that were bogo (buy one, get one.) i always try to strike up conversation with customers to make the time go by so i mention how many good deals she's getting as i scan the items. she looks at me and proudly states "oh, i'm going take all of these groceries to one of your competitors to get store credit there. i do it all the time and they don't seem to mind. i've saved so much money doing this." i looked at her in confusion. she was buying things at our store for 50% off, and taking them to a competitor to get a store credit for 100% of their value per item. i rang her out but i didn't say anything after that. i wanted to tell her off for committing fraud and wasting food, but i valued my job.this happened about 5 years ago, and popped into my head after reading one of the top threads (historic) on here. i'm an it engineer by trade, and do a lot of travelling and face-to-face work with customers so by policy it's nice shirts, a tie and shiny shoes on a daily basis (that regularly end up covered in dust). i was out doing some work for a local insurance company (faulty server, nothing major) and got kicked out over lunch hour, so i went to their local big brand store to grab a bite to eat. i won't name names. so, there i am waltzing into the store wondering what over-priced treats await me in the hot food section when i'm stopped in my tracks by an older man in a suit. steps in front of me, arms crossed, face like thunder. looks vaguely like jack nicholson. asks me what i'm doing. i look confused and have no idea how to respond. guess i probably looked at him like he was mental. he follows up with &gt; you were supposed to be here at 9am. this is unacceptable. my office. now. &gt; me: sorry, what? &gt; you were supposed to be here at 9am. when i request management cover from another store, i expect you on time, not when it suits you. &gt; me: yeah, i think you've mistaken me for someone else, sorry. &gt; ryan, let me put it this way. my office, or you won't have a job tomorrow. &gt; me: that's not my name, i don't work here. i think you've mistaken me for...(then his actions interrupt me) he pulls a face - obviously not believing me. he gets as close as he can to me physically (close enough for a good, manly hug), then he attempts to herd me towards the door behind him marked "staff only" waving his arms towards me at waist level like he was trying to waft a fart in my face. i also do some teaching part-time at a local college (it courses, of course) so at this point i figure my best line of action is to use angry teacher voice^tm. &gt; me: right, i don't know who you think i am, but i don't work here. and fuck sake, get out of my face. it causes him to pause. he's obviously catching on that someone junior to him is unlikely to swear at him. i can see him staring at my chest (i'm male. get your mind out of the gutter). of course. i'm wearing the same colored lanyard as his store employees. just like he is. and i'm in a suit. i probably look like management! it dawns on him that he might be wrong and notices the logo on the lanyard is most definitely *not* that of his store. what does he do? turns bright red, and just walks away. doesn't. say. a. word. one of their employees was watching this whole thing and burst out laughing. he came up to me and we had a brief friendly chat. apparently it was one of the junior regional managers that had just accosted me. laughs were had, i got my delicious cumberland sausage and noticed my receipt was missing about half the items. the same employee i'd had a laugh with had been on checkout. guess i got a cheap lunch for keeping someone entertained. definitely a very odd encounter. i haven't been back in that part of the country since, or in the same store. i wonder if tales are still told of the sharply dressed man that told the regional manager to get the fuck out of his face?seriously, who goes to a department store at 5:30 on a friday and thinks it wouldn't be packed?! i was on registers last night, because they take me off men's all the time cause im amazing at getting people to apply for charge cards. i have a line of five people, and im helping them as awesomely as always until this old woman gets in line and within two minutes yells, "you know, some of us have places to go!" she proceeded to scoff loudly and stamp her legs for a whole three minutes before the amazing people in line just laid into her and hammered her to be next. it was beautiful! "oh shit, it's the center of the universe! i didn't realize!" "oh, you can go next, you seem a bit unstable!" "god, i hope no one else has to deal with you today, just go first!" my customers all made her feel so bad her head was shrugged in shame and she barely spoke while she bought her $24 pajamas. i gave everyone in that line 20% off! i'm allowed to give discounts to my discretion and they all earned it for standing up for me.on mobile so sorry for any errors. this happened around 10 years ago in my retail slave days.. we were prepping for our end of season sale. our sale was huge. the entire store is in the sale. it takes a lot of preparation. all the full price stock is taken down and replaced with sale stock or marked down. we have to hang banners and other signage, the windows are dressed for sale, all the fixtures are changed around or removed. it's an all hands on deck kinda thing. in the day before the sale, we close early, around 6pm instead of the usual 9pm. the window has a huge vinyl sticker announcing that we are closed and the glass doors are blacked out with coloured paper. our store was in a shopping centre and we had an overflow stockroom at the other end of the centre. for this reason, we had to keep the doors unlocked. closed but unlocked to allow ease of movement for staff bringing stuff to and from the overflow stockroom. anywho, we're all working away, around 20 of us. a customer opens the door and strolls in ( not noticing the empty racks, boxes piled high, staff members sitting on the ground marking stuff down), one of the girls turns around and tells her that we're closed. the customer leaves. this happened again and again and again. each time a staff member tells the oblivious customer that were closed. after about the twentieth person walking in, we all looked at the door and shouted we're closed completely in sync. the customer slowly backed out the door with a look if utter fear on her face. it was fucking hilarious.top post in this sub after one day? i need new pants. ___ everyone has had a co-worker like this, someone who is disrespectful to the bosses and who snaps at the customers. one of my bosses is asian, yet born and raised in america, and she is incredibly nice. one day db foolishly decided to belittle her because of her race in front of at least 10 customers, while simultaneously not getting their food. (mcd lolberries.) anyway i got a text from db the following sunday, asking if i can give him a ride to work as he missed the bus, db told me if he doesn't come in they were going to fire him. db getting fired sounds petty good to me, so i told him i can't give him a ride. when i got to work later that day, i saw db sitting in the lobby while my store manager is talking to him, turns out he found a way to work, and they fired him anyway. i later found out they only scheduled him to fire him! he was on for three hours, 5pm-8pm on monday, and he didn't see anything weird with it! the asian manager just wanted to see his face when he found out, so they had him come in. the store manager, being the nice person he is, gave him $3 for the bus, which douche baggins promptly used to buy a lottery ticket (if he lost he'd have to walk miles home, in the winter. he luckily won $20, yet used it to buy alcohol and get drunk in the lobby. our asian manager happily kicked his ass out, he had no ride home. i also got a text from him a few weeks ago asking me for money, i didn't respond. reddit, what are some stories about you getting fired or witnessing someone being fired?story the third from london's hardest working revenue protection officer... ^(subject to discussion) time: 22:18, central line. on the way home, wearing uniform a lady gets on at bond street station, and once the doors close, she squats near the door. i think nothing of it, until i hear her tights rip. i look over. that bitch. she's changing her tampon on a train. me: excuse me, madam lady: just one second me: no, not one second lady: well what's the f*****g issue? me: public indecency, creating a biohazard, general obscenity lady: it's only a tampon me: i'm gonna need to ask you to step off the train and use the station toilets if you wish to do that lady: no need, i've changed it this bitch then proceeds to hand me her blood covered tampon no amount of bleach managed to clean my hands... tldr: girl gets caught red handed, hands the evidence over to me.i'm a sales associate at a outlet shoe store that's recently gained a lot more traffic ever since a video featuring our brands shoes (we all know where i'm going with this) went viral. the way our store is set up, we have 2 rows of full price shoes stacked in closed boxes on shelves (organized by shoe type) at the very front of the store, then the rest of the store are rows of open boxes of sale shoes (organized by size instead). in this story, the "messy shoe box lady" is who we will refer to as msbl. the difference between the sale shoes and the full price shoes is very obvious, which comes in handy when explaining what shoes are included in our "buy one sale shoe, get a second sale shoe half off" sale we always have. it's literally 2 shelves not on sale in the entire store. fast forward to last night - it's around 7:30 (we close the store at 9), and it was pretty quiet. i started slowly tidying the rows of the sale shoes - since they're open boxes with the shoes on display they oftentimes can get messy quickly and putting all the boxes back in order can be pretty time consuming. while i'm working, a woman is looking at the shoes beside me, taking a bunch of pairs out of their boxes (which she's leaving on the wall still), tried them on, decides she doesn't like them, and then throws the shoes somewhere random instead of putting them back in their box. this can kind of be a nightmare for us because not only do we need the barcode on the box should you choose to buy the shoes, but hunting the shoe box down in a full store to put the shoes back if you don't buy them can get overwhelming. but, regardless, it's part of my job to clean up, so i keep quiet. i got distracted with a customer who asked for my help, and when i came back, i noticed the msbl looking at the full-price shoes and asked if she needed help. she then asked if they were included in the sale, and when i told her it was only the on-sale shoes in the open boxes, she huffed and puffed away. a few minutes later, she came up to my cash and this happened: msbl: ***walks up with 2 pairs of shoes, sans boxes*** hello, i'd like to purchase these two pairs of shoes. me: awesome. i do need to scan the barcode on the shoe boxes, though. would you be able to grab those for me, please? msbl: these shoes didn't have a box. they were just laying on the shelf. ***this is bull. every single pair of shoes in our store has a matching box. we do checks throughout the day to make sure and i was literally just cleaning the racks like i said.*** me: unfortunately, i can't process the shoe purchase without the barcode, i do need the box. msbl: i don't know why you're being so difficult. i'll go find some boxes i suppose. ***goes away for a few minutes and comes back with two boxes, both of which don't match up to the shoes and are priced at 19.95, our most reduced price for any of our shoes*** me: hey, i don't mean to make this process take so long, but these two boxes don't seem to match up with the shoes inside. let me try and locate a box for these shoes so we can make this move a bit faster. at this point i decide to take a closer look at the shoes and see if i can figure out what kind they are. after a year or so working with 10000 different styles of shoes, you somehow quickly learn the random and obscure shoe names. thankfully, it only took me a whopping 5 seconds to realize these are our two classic shoes, which are full price, which never go on sale, which are currently retailing for 80 dollars a pair. shocking. me: these two are actually full price shoes that do not go on sale, they currently cost 80 dollars and the sale would not apply to them. did you still want to purchase them? msbl: this is ridiculous! i found them in these two boxes and you need to honour it! get me your manager! you have terrible customer service skills! keep in mind my manager is a badass who always sticks up for us. i was so stoked she asked me to call him over. little did i know, he was listening to the whole time and prepped for the situation. manager: ***walks over with the corresponding full price shoe boxes, inside of which contain the two cheaper shoes she obviously swapped boxes with when no one was looking*** i do apologize, but i have to stand behind my employee on this one as it looks as though the shoes were swapped. we're unable to honour an incorrect box price when it is obvious someone has intentionally switched boxes. she got so nervous and i have never seen a woman run out faster of the store in my entire life.another tale from my overpriced ice cream shop! so this young mother comes in with her two children, both adorable and under the age of 7. i'm already thinking that they're one of the cutest family sets i've ever seen, when they open their mouth and the poshest english accent i've ever heard comes out (i live in america's bible belt. english accents are rare). so my head just about exploded. the kids are looking at the candies we offer as mix-ins, and keep asking their mom if we have a certain kind of candy that i have never heard of before so i'll assume it's england-specific. mom tells them to ask me, i tell them that unfortunately, we do not offer that kind of candy. their faces absolutely fall. they look like human versions of the ":(" emoticon. i feel awful. so the kids keep looking at the mix-in options we have. suddenly, the boy child looks as if he has seen the face of god. full-on ":0" emoticon. he then yells in his childhood squeak of an english accent: &gt;mummy. they have gummy bears. america still has gummy bears!! mummy!!! gummy bears!!!!! he proceeded to order cotton candy ice cream with extra gummy bears. i have never seen a cuter nor a more excited reaction to gummy bears.so i run my own store. photo studio where we photograph people, they select what photo's they want (prints, digital, canvas, mugs, on wood, etcetera). had a customer in yesterday who started complaining about the photo paper (not the photo, the paper) being of bad quality and she wanted her money back. now i know my paper, i print on the best kodak paper i can get my hands on. there simply is no way in the world that the quality is bad. it survives a bath in coca cola. wipe it off with a cleaning agent. possible. colours don't fade like they used to, difficult to tear up, the whole nine yards. so after hearing her tirade and responding, she was gave up. threw out one last remark: i'm going to give you a bad review and i'm gonna make sure you get fired! my retort? like hell you are, i own this place. goodbye. angry customer 0 - me 1 tl;dr : the magical retail fairy brought me a present!i work at a bridal store. bridezillas are a rarity (those are some fun stories), but the moms can get pretty bad. yesterday, a bride and her mother come in to try on some wedding gowns. as they were looking through the store, they spot the seamstress in the back of store pressing and steaming someone else's wedding gown. now, there is a doorway and a curtain separating the front of the store from the back, where the main office is and where the seamstresses do their work. it's pretty clear only employees are allowed back there. but no, the mother just strolls back there, picks up the train of the dress while the seamstress is working on it, and says "oh honey, look at this one! this is gorgeous, you need to try it on." i promptly hurry back there, because 1. that's an area she should not be in and 2. i really did not want her touching someone else's dress. i tell her that it is indeed someone else's dress, her daughter cannot try that specific dress on, but i will gladly look in our inventory to see if we still have the gown. she seemed confused, but made her way back to the front of the store. i look it up, and turns out we don't have that dress as a sample because it came through a trunk show, which i tell her and then proceed to suggest similar styles we do have in stock. while the daughter accepted this fact, the mother got a bit hostile. mom: so if you don't have it, let her try that one in the back on. me: i'm sorry, but i can't. this is someone else's wedding gown that was specifically ordered for her. mom: so? me: ...so this is her dress, not a sample. we make a promise to our customers that their dresses will be safe and treated right. mom: just let her slip it on, she'll be extra careful. me: ma'am, this woman's wedding is this weekend, the seamstress is already half way through pressing it, your daughter will not be trying this dress on. daughter: mom, let it go, i have enough dresses to try. mom huffs off to look for even more gowns, and my coworker and i exchange wide eye glances. then, while her daughter is in the middle of trying dresses, she goes back there again and says "well look at this one dear, this dress has this and this and this and that dress doesn't. i still think you should try this on." at this point, i get a little rude. "ma'am, i apologize, but you cannot go to the backroom and interfere with the seamstress while she is working. your daughter will not be trying that dress on, and that is final." she again huffs off back to her seat, and sits there until they leave, at which point my coworker and i burst out laughing at that ridiculous woman. i know it's not even remotely as bad as what some of you guys get, but like come on lady, use common sense. edit: well this is a cool response, you guys are hilarious. i have a real doozy of a story i'll be posting tomorrow of a slightly crazy bridezilla since you guys want more stories. thanks tfr!(note: using a throwaway as my boss uses reddit and knows my username.) so, i barista at a small cafe five hours a day, five days a week. it's a great job with great hours for my college schedule and the customers are generally fantastic. in fact, in the 8 months or so i've been on the job, i've only dealt with a small handful of rude customers. this lady from about 2 weeks ago was one of those people, and her comment still baffles me today. before i continue, i must explain how our pos system works. we use something called square which uses the ipad for processing credit/debit cards. it's really neat and comes with a lot of features, like a guilt-the-customer-into-tipping tool that forces non-tippers to select "no tip" before they can sign their names on another screen to authorize the sale. most people don't mind this and think it's neat and it really boosts our tips. except clueless. clueless thinks she's being forced to tip, not noticing the "no tip" option, and proceeds to yell at me and berate me. brief conversation with her: clueless - "the f--k is this? i have to leave a tip for some high school dropout?! cancel the order. cancel everything. i'm never coming here again. this is *extortion*." me - "ma'am, there's an option below the dollar amounts you see that allows you to process the transaction without appending a tip. here -proceeds to help her find it-" clueless - "oh, i see now. you're trying to make me feel like a bad person. well it hasn't worked, missy! i don't believe in tipping high school dropouts who refuse to get some education and a real job!! i haven't tipped anyone in at least ten years!" me - "okay...did you still want to cancel the order?" clueless - "absolutely! and give me back my credit card." she leaves in a rage. i wish her a good day, and she tells me she's going to have a bad one just to spite me (lolwut?). i hate people.**background** – i worked in an electronic / component store. the kind of store you would go when you need a button, a switch, a board and wires for your project or your kid’s school projects. i used to be a customer there before i got hired as a part time while i was in school. i liked the job. i was assigned to the computer department (we did not sell or repair computers, we would sell accessories and a lot of routers.). at the time of this story it was my first few months working there. **story** – one day on my day off i went there to buy audio wires and few cables to wire my sound system and plug my computer to the tv / sound system. i had the idea in the morning and genius me decided to go buy them now. so i was there minding my ~~busyness~~ business when enters sc (stupid customer). he was a regular which came every one or 2 weeks and bought a lot of computer accessories and other things in the store. i was far from the department i would work but he still recognized me without my official uniform. **sc** – hey you! *now since it was crowded i did not give a damn. people try to get the attention on the floor staff all the time.* **sc** – i’m talking to you. *at this point i turn around as did many people.* **sc** – are you going to help me or what?! (while pointing at me) **me** - *points at myself* me??? i am not working today sir i am actually shopping just like you. you can ask any other employee that has their uniform on and they will gladly help you! *sc didn’t like that at all…* **sc** – no you are going to help me or i will fill a complaint. i have no time to find another person and it is too crowded. so tell me where i could find *[brand and gauge of speaker wire]* **me** – sir even if i would be working right now i do not know anything about this. you would need to ask someone in the wiring department. *sc is staring me down. at this point i know what is coming next so i turn around and ask an employee behind a counter to call the manager. it literally went that way.* **me** (to employee) – can you please call the stor… **sc** – get me your fu**ing manager. so that basically ruined my morning. i was getting shit from a customer when i was not even working. if i would have known where his item was i would have told him at least… but i didn’t. the manager came and saw me. let’s call him stm for store manager. **stm** – what can i do for you? **sc** – your useless employee doesn’t want to help me! i want to file a complaint. **stm** – are you working today *linked713*? **me** – no, i am not. **stm** (to sc) – so why are you asking linked713 to help you when he doesn’t have his uniform on? there are employees on the floor that will gladly help you. sc is now firing lasers out of his eyes and probably about to shit a nuclear bomb at this point. **sc** – i don’t fu**ing care he has to help he works here now where do i file a damn complaint? stm and i were just shocked. then he went to the service desk to make sc file a complaint. once the complaint was filled stm took the form and shredded it in from of him. i was too far to hear anything. but seeing that just made my day beautiful again. **tl;dr** : cyclops from x-men came in to shop when suddenly confetti and unicorns. edit: typing is hard and serious ~~busyness~~ business. manly tear edit: woah, thanks for the tfr quote of the day highlight! :di was working at a relatively small convenience store in a village. it was around 3:30pm, so the kids had finished school and were coming home on the bus. this was usually a very busy time as the bus stop was opposite the shop, so a lot of them came into the shop with a few pounds in change and bought sweets, drinks, etc. no real problem there - in fact, i enjoyed serving them, as they were clearly looking forward to their sugary goodness after a day at school. anyway, i serve some kid a 500ml energy drink. it was quite popular since my company stocked a 99p pmp version instead of the non-pmp version that the supermarkets sold for £1.50+. the kid was around thirteen, it turns out, but looked 15/16-ish. he leaves, happy. five minutes later, the boy's mother comes in, furious at me. "how dare you serve this energy drink to my son," she says. "it's against the law - it's not for children!". i explain that i'm sorry to have served her son, and that while company policy says that i should serve everyone if they have the right money and there isn't a law against serving them (ie alcohol, tobacco, lottery etc), i'm sure that a written letter asking us not to serve her son again would prevent any repeat of this. she wasn't having it. she was demanding a refund - not going to happen. the drink was half-finished, and if i processed a refund i'd get a formal warning from management for going against refund policy. obviously, i didn't tell her this as she wouldn't care if i received a warning (she wanted me fired anyway), so i begrudgingly gave her £1 of my own money, thinking that would be that. nope. turns out that she had phoned the police, saying that a shop had served an underage customer "something illegal". the police arrived about fifteen minutes later, probably because if i had served the child alcohol i'd get prosecuted and face a £2,500 fine and criminal record, and the shop could lose its premises licence - so quite serious. the police officer spoke to the woman asking her to explain what happened. he looked a little confused. i explained that the company didn't have a policy against selling energy drinks to kids, that i was sorry to have caused offence and that the matter could be dealt with by the store manager - who by this point had got back from her 30-minute cigarette break... the police officer gave the worst death-stare to the woman for wasting his time, and told us that we should refrain from serving her son energy drinks. after one hour of wasted time and a police call-out, she gave up on her quest to get me fired and left. tl;dr: woman sees her son is served an energy drink. phones police before confronting me. police pissed off at wasted time. edit: it's rare that i do this, but thanks for the internet points! it's really brightened my day to know that there are people who understand my point of view, have experience in a similar situation or at least think that the woman was an idiot. thanks. :)i'd been recently promoted to a lower-level management position at a big red office supply store. my boss called and had a personal issue and asked if i minded if she was an hour or so late? not at all. we had an older gentleman over at our print center - he had a very nasty cough. poor man, at one point, his cough was too much for his bowels, and he ran for the back of the store, dripping things that shouldn't be dripped behind him. his efforts to clean himself quite thoroughly rendered our men's restroom inoperable... the floor, the walls, the sink... everything covered in poo. i intended to clean it up - i couldn't ask my staff to do it. but k, one of my amazing associates, grabbed the hazmat suit and a bucket and took care of everything. i sent my errant boss a text message: "old dude shot himself. don't worry, k cleaned it up. she deserves a raise." whoops. another quick text. "shit! not shot! i'm so sorry! he shit himself! everything is fine now!" she told me later that she was sure she was fired at that point. because, really, if you're the boss, and you're late for work, and there's brain matter all over your store... you're just done. we've had several levels of management across the company laughing at my terrible autocorrect. i told my boss that this would go down in the annals of history. he said i was the only person he knew who could make a pun out of the word anal... i hadn't even planned it that way.this is a tale from long ago at my first retail job. i was 20 at the time of our tale. working in a somewhat expensive store, though we had a clearance section with all kinds of old, discontinued odds and ends that were dirt cheap. i was a cashier, our store had a mailing list (like many stores) and if you were on it they would mail you coupons. pretty decent ones too. so i'm ringing up a customer and she pulls out her mailing list coupon for 50% off any one regularly priced item (that's important to note). i scan the coupon, put it in my drawer and wish her a good day. crazy lady (cl) mid to late 40's dressed nicely, carrying an expensive bag comes up next with some $2 item found in the bowels of clearance. me: did you find every thing okay today? &gt; cl: i want a coupon. me: i beg your pardon? &gt; cl: i want a coupon, like the last lady just used. me: (cheerfully) oh well if you sign up for our mailing list we'll send you plenty of great coupons. &gt; cl: no...i want that coupon, and i want it now. me: oh...uhm...i'm sorry i don't have any of those coupons, they're sent from corporate and i can't re-scan that one. (also it's in my drawer and i have no access to it). &gt; cl: (now screaming) this is outrageous!! i want that coupon, and i want it now. i'll have you fired for this, i'll have everyone here fired for this!! how do you have a job treating customers so rudely!!? i wave over my manager (ma) and explain the issue. ma: ma'am we don't have any coupons in the store, also that coupon was for a regularly priced item, you wouldn't be able to use it on your purchase. &gt; cl: (still screaming) this is the worst customer service i've ever received i'll see to it that this dump goes out of business!! i'm going to call corporate, you'll regret treating me like this!! ma: i'm really sorry you're upset, i can give you our senior discount on the item it's for 10% off if that will help? &gt; cl: yes, okay fine. she then turns to me with this smug look of satisfaction and says "see? i always get my way." yep...you sure showed me lady, making an ass out of yourself and berating a person young enough to be your kid all to save 20 cents... whooo go you. i didn't say that or anything, i just stared at her like the fucking lunatic she was while she walked out of the store and got into her overpriced luxury suv. i cannot figure out the mentality behind freaking out over 20 cents to this day. hello tfr! i have yet another tale from the glorious parking facility. the events that occurred were just beautiful in every possible way. tonight there's a country concert, quite a mix of people. some small, some big, some young, some old. in comes bumpkin, a rather large woman, and her kinfolk. me: good afternoon! its 25 to park ma'am. bumpkin: yeah, i hurt my leg. can i park down here? me: unfortunately i can't let you park on the lower level, most of these spaces are already reserved, and we keep them open for handicapped and elderly. bumpkin: but my legs really killing me, i'll give you an extra 5. me: no thank you ma'am. now, she never once showed me a placard, so i sent her upstairs. she didn't have one. in comes the sweetest little cherub-ish woman i have ever seen, with her elderly mother. like this woman had sugar for blood she was so kind. cherub: hello darlin'! would it be possible to get a close spot, my mommy(lol) has a walker and she's a bit passed her prime. to which the passenger rolls her eyes and laughs. she has a placard though, so i let them park next to me. well, bumpkin is already downstairs while this is going on and she's watching, and as soon as i move the cone and cherub pulls in she starts walking up to me calling out. bumpkin: what the hell?? i told you i was in pain, how is this fair!? wtf? i have a thyroid issue and i'm on the dang roof!! me: ma'am, they have a placard. bumpkin: and?? i have a thyroid issue! i want my money back! me: if you would like to leave, i'll give you you're money back. unfortunately i'm not going to refund you if you stay here. now, while this is going on the elderly woman is out of her car, looking at us. she's moving with her walker. bumpkin: i have a disability! this is ridiculous! without a pause, the old woman interjects with the sweetest old lady voice ever. grandma: sweety, being fat isn't a disability. and she winked at me (i'm a big dude myself) apparently bumpkin was at a loss for words because she didn't say *anything* and walked away. i'm couldn't keep a straight face. i still can't. i'm smiling my butt off as i share this with you all. edit: i understand thyroid issues are legitimate. but i'm sure this is just a fat lady using it as an excuse for being fat. also, for people that messaged me saying i was fat shaming, i'm 6'6" 375lbs. i can still walk, run, and see everything below my waist. there's no excuse.that's the story. that's the whole story. couple hours later my manager asks if i helped someone get [thing] and i told him yeah, and he said that they called and complained about how i "tried to sell them something they didn't ask for". i offered them...the same thing...at a lower price. **and they called and left a complaint about me.** edit: i edited out the conversation because it was short yet identifiable and i got a little paranoid. the story doesn't lose anything from it. sorry! this occurred at a store that involves colored shirts. i was working a summer job there, mostly hawking the in-store credit card but also doing cashier stuff when there was a crush. the instructions for the sale of alcohol were as follows * scan their id * enter their birth date into the field that pops up on the computer this was the extent of the instructions. an elderly lady comes in, clearly old enough to be my grandmother, and like an obedient minimum wage employee i ask for her id. she gets quite mad at me, demanding to know why i want to see her id, not accepting the reason i give and then repeating the demand. eventually i call for help from the "head cashier" who apologizes for my "being new" and finishes the transaction. then they tell me that you can press f11 to bypass the age verification screen if someone is clearly old enough that you don't need to check their id.as i walk through the valley of the shadow of boxes... "hey! you! blueshirt! can i get some help over here!" &gt;*dear lord i was about to take my break* yes? "this bin is empty!" she says, pointing to an empty bin. *how perceptive* "i need what's in that bin." &gt;ma'am, that bin is always empty. we don't stock any products in that bin. "what! yes you do! it says so right here", she shouts, waving a sales paper in my face and snatching it right back. &gt;may i see that for a second ma'am? she obliges, to my relief. &gt;*praise the lord* here's the issue, ma'am. this is aisle 2, bin 30. you want aisle 30, bin 2. *i can take my break* "...that's not what this says!" &gt;*i'm sorry what* if you line up the columns of 'aisle' and 'bin' correctly, yes it does. "no, you're wrong. i'm in the right place, now where's my chairs?" &gt;*y'what?* they're in aisle 30, bin 2 if this paper is correct. "i know what it says, stop lying to me!" &gt;*alright then, i'm out* ma'am, i think a sales coworker *or a psychologist* would be better able to answer your questions "what! but you..." &gt;...good luck. *and go fuck yourself* and as promptly as possible, i vanish back into my beloved valley of boxes to take my break. i'm so sorry for the poor yellowshirt who had to deal with her afterwards, but damnit that's why i didn't sign on for customer service. my summer job is working at a retail store in the lawn and garden department. they have many heavy bags of soil and fertilizer that many customers need help loading into their cars. i'm 38 weeks pregnant and so i am not allowed to lift anything above 30 pounds. here is how an interaction went yesterday with a customer: c: excuse me, i need 12 bags of these 40 pound bags of top soil loaded into my cart. me: okay, i will go grab somebody to help you. it will just be a moment as i am the only one back here so i need to page for someone to come. c: i don't have time for you to call someone. i need help now. why can't you lift them? me: (smiling while glancing down at myself) sir, i'm 38 weeks pregnant and am not allowed to lift anything over 30 pounds. c: you don't look pregnant. besides, my wife was lifting way more than 30 pounds when she was pregnant up until the day she delivered. i'm disabled and so i have a *real* reason to why i can't lift these. just pile them in my cart so i can be on my way. me: like i said before, i will be right back so i can page someone to come help you. they will come quick and be able to assist you both with loading them into the cart and into your car. c: fine. but what is your name so i can talk to a manager about you. they will want to know that you aren't helping customers. me: my name is elainaruthie and i can also page a manager to come right over too. c: good, do that. so i walked over to the phone and paged both a stock man and a manager. both came within 5 minutes. i hear the customer going on about how i refused to help him and how he is a disabled veteran and deserves to be treated better. the manager apologized but explained that i am indeed pregnant and can't lift those big bags. the customer suggested that i be transferred to a different department where i am able to assist every customer with *everything* **especially** helping disabled people. oh i'll try sir...really i will. especially since i'm a high school special education teacher during the school year...a customer's total came up to $101.56. the customer handed me one $100 bill, one $1 bill, and 56 cents. i bagged his stuff, said "thank you, come again" and waited for him to leave so i can help rest of customers in line. guy: *just standing in front of counter looking at me* me: *???* uh... do you need anything else? guy: i gave you $110. me: oh, you have me exactly $101.56. guy: **what?** no, i gave you ten dollar bill. me: sir, you gave me the exact total.... guy: what are you talking about? i gave you **ten dollar bill**. the guy demanded rest of his imaginary change and refused to leave the counter. i asked him if i could help out rest of the customers before trying to figure out where his ten dollars went and he quietly waited next to counter. after i helped rest of customers, i explained the situation to the manager so we can take a look at the security camera (one of which is pointed directly at the register and the counter. so we take a look at the scene and what do you know? the guy never gave me any $10 bill. guy: *immediately checks his wallet*, **ohhhhh!!!** ($10 bill was in his wallet the whole time) me: ......... is there anything else can i help you? guy: nevermind. *leaves*back in 2004, i had just started my first job at a very small gift store in my tiny home town. it was my very first day, and i was manning the register. my store manager, the only other person on shift, let's me know she will be gone for a 10 minute lunch break. if i need her, call her. sure, i got this! 10 minutes turned into an hour. then two. before i knew it three hours had passed, but i was doing well. no mistakes, figured she got held up with her kids or something. a customer purchases an item, $10.99. pays by card. cool. as i tap in the amount onto the machine, i realise in horror i have just charged this poor woman $109.99, and need to do a refund. i am upset, and explain to the customer that i will need to call my manager to do it, as it was my very first day. she is good natured and understanding. i call my boss on her mobile. no answer. call again. no answer. fuck. try again. this time she picks up. "what??" me: "hi, it's ----, i've just made a mistake and need to make a refund on her credit card, but i need you to show me how and to approve it." "just get it out of the til. i'll fix it later." "um, it's over $100, i don't have that much in the til." "fuck, alright. give me 5 minutes." boss hangs up, and i explain to the customer the wait. she is cool, understands 14 year old me has no real power. cool lady. 15 minutes pass, no sign of boss. try to call, phone is off. i am starting to freak out and cry. customer is cool, talks calmingly to me. turns out she knows my mum (small town). she owns the new bakery, and has gotten to know everyone. start joking around, relaxing with her. nearly an hour later, boss rocks up stinking of sex. even in my innocence i could see she was a mess. shirt on backwards, makeup smudged, hair mussed. so mortifying. my boss rolls her eyes at the customer. "can't get good workers these days, sorry about the idiot." i feel like i was slapped. customer glared at this woman, this stinky boss, and then looks at me. "you start work in my shop at 9am. want a ride home?" i left with her, worked at her shop until i graduated in 2007, and moved away. awesome woman. life is sometimes very good. tl:dr: customer becomes new employer. when i was pregnant in 2011, i was saving up money by selling bread at farmers markets. i enjoyed sitting under a canopy, chatting with the other vendors, and interacting with the customers. the people who bought my bread were usually nice, and fell into the categories of soccer moms, old ladies, or young male hipsters (i sold organic vegan bread and gluten-free pastries). lots of people always commented on my baby bump, asking about the gender or due date and congratulating me on my pregnancy. the second to last time that i worked at this farmers market in particular, three ladies in their 50s or 60s approached my booth. i recognized two of the generally pleasant ladies, but not the third. "this is the girl that we've been telling you about. the one that's going to have the baby." one of my regular customers said to the youngest looking of the bunch. "how old are you, hun?" i told her that i was 21. "you married?" she asked. she spoke quickly, and i remember it sounding like she was a clucking chicken. "no, but i'll wrangle a proposal out of my boyfriend some day." i said smiling, even though i always hate when people asked. "hun, we've been telling this lady all about you." one of the regulars said to the unfamiliar face. "this is (lady's name), and she wants to adopt your baby." "what was that?" i thought i was mishearing these ladies. "you should let me adopt your baby, sweet-heart. you're too young to have a kid. you'd be a horrible mother." i was hormonal pregnant woman that had been working a long hot day in a parking lot, and i wanted to kill her. i wanted to gouge her eyes out with baguettes, but i somehow managed to keep calm. "i'm not interested in putting my child up for adoption. sorry. so can i interest you ladies in any breads today?" "can you at least consider it? i can give you some money. maybe you can go to school and make something of yourself." to this day, i still don't know how i didn't kill those three ladies. "can you excuse me a moment?" i went over to the jewelry vendors next to my tent. we knew each other well because of the numerous farmers markets they also set up shop at throughout the week. they were the ones who usually helped me set up my tent and tables, we watched each others tables when we needed restroom breaks. i asked them if they could watch my stand, and they did. when i got back from the restroom after mentally rehearsing an angry come-back, they were gone. one of the regulars stopped by my booth the following week and told me she wasn't buying my bread anymore because of how rude i was to her friend. later, the lady wanting to buy my kid stopped by and asked if i had given it any thought at all. i told her no. i switched farmers markets with my grandpa after that. the next week, he told me that some ladies had been asking about my baby.this happened a while ago but has really stuck with me and i like to think about it on really bad days at work. i had been working all day in the aquatics department of my store dealing with all manner of rude, condescending customers when this little boy, maybe 6 or 7 years old, and a woman whom i had assumed was his mother came in. they were looking to buy some fish for the tank that the little boy had gotten for his birthday. he came right on up to me, grabbed my hand and asked me very politely if i could find him some fish that "would be happy to come live with me". my heart just about melted. i told him that i most certainly could and asked him if he could ask his mom, who was a little ways off looking at the betta fish, what size his tank was so we could get started. he replied, "she isn't my mommy, she is my all pears!" the woman over heard this and saw my obviously confused face and explained that she was his nanny and that his parents called her an "au pair" once and he had liked the way it sounded but apparently couldn't pronounce it correctly. i helped them find some fish for his 20 gallon tank (some mollies and a couple of swordtails) and when i had finished bagging them up and handed them off to the "all pears" the little boy gave a little tug on my apron and thanked me for helping them. he also asked if he could give me a hug and take a picture with me and his new fish. so i knelt down to his level and let him throw an arm around me while his other hand held the bag of fish and the nanny took our picture. it was just the sweetest thing i have ever had happen to me at work. the nanny came in about a week later when i was working to get more food for the fish and told me that the little boy had asked her to print the picture out and that now it sits on his desk right next to his tank where the fish can "see" it so that they "don't miss their old house and their old friends". it makes me smile ever time i think about that little boy and his nanny even though i haven't seen them since that last time the nanny came in. he was so sweet and polite and just really made my day that day.  so yesterday was surprisingly quiet for the week before christmas, but i had a older woman in her 70's come through i know because i had to card her for a 6 pack of beer. she paid with debit wanting 60 bucks cash back. she then asks as my till pops asking is i can give her all ones. i made the comment it might help since i had a waitress come through an hour earlier, and i had a lot of ones so i was in the middle of counting when she goes. "my granddaughter is taking me to my first strip club!" i lost track of my counting, and looked up. she had a huge smile on her face all i could say was well alright then. i recounted her change, and gave it to her. she left, and my co-worker on the till next to me looks over, and said that was weird as hell. all i could do was nod, and go yup. this was all yesterday. the store i work in has a department that does framing and custom mat cutting, so customers can bring in whatever they want framed and often we can do it for them the same day. anyways, i was covering this department due to the usual guy being sick and things were pretty quiet all day until i got a gentleman at the desk who brought in a portrait drawing (very well done btw) looking to preserve it as well as give it a nice look. after some looking at what we had available, some choices on the color and sizing of matting, some paperwork for me to work on it and some talking about the picture itself i learned it was an incredibly valuable and sentimental drawing of this man's now deceased brother (i didn't ask further for obvious reasons). the portrait was incredibly lifelike and, i can only assume, accurate which i think was making the man a little distressed by looking at it. his eyes were going a little red and he was getting a little more quiet as the afternoon went on so i felt it best to let him and his wife walk around while i did all the work for an hour or so. after all the work i call him back to the desk and show him the results; a really nice monochromatic scale of two mats (one silver/grey and one solid black) with a silver frame polished with slight black spots in the molding, cleaned up glass (probably the hardest part of framing) and a wire hanger. we walk up to the register for me to give the frame to the cashier and he has me call up my manager while he waits in line. i'm a bit worried and confused since managers are usually called to deal with upset customers and i thought i did alright. as i try to think back anything i might have done wrong my manager shows up and the guy pulls him aside and whispers something to my manager that makes him grin from ear to ear, then turns to me and tells me how grateful he is for the work. he gives me a hard pat on the shoulder with red eyes and passes a tip into my pocket (which i assume was him whispering permission from my manager from earlier). i'm awestruck by such generosity since i was just doing my job and i can see then that this picture means much more to him than i could really ever appreciate. framing something so sentimental is sort of cheating because i certainly didn't make something so impactful on his life in the hour i spent working but the end result rides off the emotional value the picture originally held while increasing it's ascetic and functional value, making me look like a superhero for doing something so basic. after receiving the highest praise in my entire career in front of my manager and peers i remembered that yesterday was my last day working at that store (i start a new job on monday). i guess i get to leave on a high-note.i work in an adult shop in a predominantly gay area of my city. lots of stories that can be found [here]( short one from yesterday that literally had me laughing out loud. a bit of background required. our shop has some old signs at the bottom of the rather steep set of stairs that you need to climb to enter the shop. they are from a sale the boss had long before i started working in the shop just over a year ago. the signs are for dvd's that were on sale. no titles are given but the sign does give some cheap prices for dvd's purchased and indicates that multiple dvd purchases makes the prices cheaper still. to yesterday. i spot an old, wizened man coming up the stairs dragging one of those old, wheeled shopping carts you usually see little old ladies dragging around. he would have been in his late 70's or older. he leaves the cart at the first landing and continues up to the shop. looks around a little confused. him 'hmmm ... i saw your sign for dvd's and thought you might have "the sound of music" but now that i look around i think, just maybe, i might be in the wrong place.' me 'sir, i am sorry but you most definitely are in the wrong place.' him as he starts to smile looking around 'i bet you think this is funny don't you?' me 'yes sir i have to admit i think it is hilarious.' him as he starts laughing 'well i think it is pretty funny too.' i cracked up at that point as he, laughing away to himself, exited back down the stairs. i work in a bakery as the donut girl, and am training to decorate cakes. yesterday i was there by myself with a bread baker, but my bakery manager was on lunch in the sitting area next to the bakery. this lady had a cake order that was difficult to understand, so i waited until she arrived to finish it. she gets here and i explain it to her, and she goes "oh so it's not finished? can i get ninja turtles instead?" we have ninja turtle cake kit, and i show it to her. she asks if i can just draw a ninja turtle on there. i say, probably not. i asked my manager anf she said absolutely not. the lady was irritated, "well, why can't you just draw it?" "it's a copywrited image. i could be fined $5,000 for drawing it." "but i want ninja turtles!" "we can put the kit on there. it's only $7." "that's too much. what if we pretend you never looked at the toy? can you draw it?" "...no..." she gave up after another five minutes of this and got another design for her cake. but seriously, she was ok with me getting fined $5,000 just for the stupid little cake.a 10-year-old boy walked up to my register holding a playstation network card. boy: can you buy games with this? me: honestly, i'm not sure. the little boy shrugged and decided to buy the card anyway. he handed me the card and his money, and i cashed him out. he lingered for a minute after i handed him his stuff. boy, in a borderline snide tone: you work here, don't you? how don't you know about everything in this store? me: there are lots of things here i need to know. i can't know everything. i don't even play playstation. boy: oh. then what do you play? me: i have an xbox. boy: ugh, xbox is stupid. and with that the little boy finally decided he'd had enough of my shenanigans, and walked away. despite his cheeky little comments, he was one of my more pleasant customers that day (he *did* hand me his money, after all. some grown-ass adults can't even do that).ah christmas. the one time of year where i'm willing to work because i get paid double, bitches! occasionally i get some smart ass customer who asks me "why i'm working on christmas," to which i wish i could reply with either, "it's not christmas in here," or "what are you doing shopping on christmas," but this time i had a truly memorable story. earlier in the day there was a woman who needed help at the self checkout. no big deal, i just scanned her items and waited for payment, but all she had to give me for payment was a dollar. in quarters. there was nothing in her order that came for $1 or less, so i explained to her that she was short (why do people need math lessons in this day and age). i think she said something to the effect of she'd have to come back so i voided her transaction so i could free up the register for the next customer (we were pretty busy in the morning). instead of leaving to get more money she kept rummaging through her pockets trying to come up with the total, and tried to hand me $2 more in quarters as if that would pay for it. clearly she was not all there, clearly she had no idea how money worked and left after the 5th time i explained to her that $3 is not going to cover a $15.26 purchase. it's never christmas when you work on christmas.i was reading a story about someone being crazy enough to bust into a back room for some rolos, and it reminded me of this. i was going to comment it, but if got long, so here's a story. the one time someone tried to come in to our back room, my sm was eating lunch. i wasn't there but he gave me the story. basically, sm was on his 30 minute lunch. my other coworker (there's only the three of us right now) was on the floor, at the register. there were two people in line. if coworker needed help, he would've asked, but he didn't. so sm is eating, minding the security monitor (watching coworker, just in case it gets too busy) and he hears a knock at the door, and from the other side, "excuse me! you need to get out here!" he opens the door in case it's serious to find a woman standing there looking angry. sm: "what's wrong?" woman: "you need to help him! that line in ridiculous and i don't have time to wait!" sm: " ma'am i'm on lunch right now, there's only one person left in line. coworker can help you in just a moment. " w: "no you get on the other lane so i can leave! ill call corporate!!!" so what does sm do? slams the back room door, and begins walking to the register. on his way, he shouts for everyone in the store to hear (we're a small store, so he didn't have to be too loud) "guess i dont get to eat today coworker! this lady here is so important she has to interrupt my only, mandatory, by law required break because she cant be bothered to wait a literal minute!" i wish i could've seen it. ninja edit: words are hardfirst post so sorry if the formatting is weird i literally have no idea what i'm doing. so this happened yesterday. i work as a sales assistant in a little boutique in my small town. we sell clothes, jewelry and homewares, and since it's such a little shop we usually only have one worker at a time, especially on wednesday afternoons which is when this incident occured. a mid-30ish looking woman and her daughter walk into the store, we'll call the women cl (crazy lady) and her daughter doesn't need a name because she did nothing. i will be me me : good afternoon, how are you today? (big retail smile) cl : (audibly huffs and continues looking okay, maybe she didn't hear me. i'll try again in a minute. so i walk over to where is, me: have you had a good day today? cl : i'm just looking. okay, i'm only looking so can you just let me look. do you understand what just looking even means!?! this woman just yelled in my face, so i'm thinking okay then bitch, fuck you. you can look all you damn want because i'm not helping you again. i keep going with the tasks i was doing when about 10 minutes later i hear this weird tapping. i don't think anything of it because the shop next door always has weird noises. the tapping consists for another 5 minutes and gets louder so i have a look to see what it is. i find cl just around the corner, tapping her foot aggressively. cl : finally! i've been needing your assistance. why weren't you here to help me?!? me : oh, i'm sorry. i was under the impression you were just looking. cl : don't be so damn rude! you should be serving people the whole time, not just leaving by themselves. idiot. look, i need these pants in a different size. she shoves the pants at me, very roughly as well. the pants she's given me are from a rack clearly labeled "last of the best. final item 70% off." me : oh, sorry but that's the pair. cl : you don't have anymore? what kind of stupid shop is this if you don't even have the right sizes? me : well we did, but they've sold and this is the last pair. cl : you know what, this shop is fucking useless. useless customer service. you had me waiting for 15 minutes! i obviously needed help you should have been there. i am never coming back here ever again so you better understand you have lost a very valuable customer today and i expect you will be fired for this. do you understand me!!! she was screaming this as she was leaving the store, continuing as she walked out and past our windows. i work almost every day and i have literally never seen this lady before so i'm not worried about losing her business at all. i work for an extremely popular coffee chain which is located in a grocery store. in retail stores and some other grocery stores (different companies), people are able to use their phone apps to pay with their gift cards by scanning them or they can type in the card number and pay that way. we cannot accept the phone app or type in the number at my store- you need to have the physical card to swipe. this has resulted in a number of confrontations with customers and this is one of them. at the end of a long rush, a middle aged lady in a business suit approached my register and ordered her drink. as i'm writing her order on her cup, she sighs heavily. customer: i hate this store. me: (slightly surprised at the unprompted rudeness) oh? customer: yes, i hate coming here. it's so horrible you don't accept the phone app. i can't get my points when i come here. you're store is basically stealing from me and i don't appreciate that. me: i'm sorry you feel that way ma'am. hopefully we'll have the app soon and you can finally like our store. customer: i mean, the regular store has is and other grocery stores type in my number, but your store refuses to. i hope you lose a lot of business over it and eventually shut down. this store deserves it. me: then why don't you go to one of those stores instead? customer: this one is on my way to work. me: you know you can link a new physical card to your account and use that to pay so you get your points. customer: i don't think i should have to. honestly, i'm so frustrated with your store and how it treats its customers. it should go out of business. me: well let me make your drink ma'am and contemplate losing my job. customer: (finally realizing how fucking rude she's been) oh... uh... i don't mean your job... um... she slunk off and waited for her nonfat latte with extra extra whipped cream.i worked at a grocery store at a full service meat counter - this means if you wanted any type of meat (steaks, chicken, fish, etc - not deli meats) you had to get it from me behind a counter. --- i was linking up sausages when i was suddenly called out to help some customers. thinking this would give me a bit of a break, i placed the long line of links down and crossed the threshold to the meat counter. i saw an elderly couple that was dressed in their sunday best, and looked like they just came out of the 1930's. i started my usual routine with helping any customer. &gt;me:"hi, there, can i help you two with anything today?" then, the gentleman spoke. he sounded just like [jimmy durante]( and had the happiest tone he could muster: &gt;old man:"hey there, kiddo! we're lookin' for some great food for toay! we're gonna be makin stuff on a great new grill we got at home!" his excitement was contagious, i suddenly found myself just as happy as he was to help him find something great to make with his new grill. &gt;me:"well sir, i'll let you in on a few secrets here then - i literally *just* finished making some sicilian sausage in the back room, i could grab you a few links of that - it should make a fantastic meal on the grill!" then, with too much emphasis on every syllable, he excitedly asked his wife, &gt;old man:"whaddaya think, marie?! how about some **si-cil-ian** sausages?! that sounds **great**, kiddo! go on and get us some of them **si-cil-ian** sausages!" i went in back, grabbed them a few links, and showed him what we had. &gt;old man:"say, kiddo - what's in those **si-cil-ian** sausages?" as i listed off the large number of ingredients, he continuously bobbed his head along with each ingredient. after i finished, he replied, &gt;old man:"that sounds **perfect**, kiddo! get us some more of that **si-cil-ian** sausage then, we can freeze that right up and eat it another day!" since they had made my day that much better, i marked down their sausages to half price, told them to have a great day, and they went on their way. i never saw them again after that, but i will always remember how great my day was the time the 1930's blew through the meat department. edit: my first gold ever, thanks kind stranger! i have a regular customer who is about 15 years old, and is somewhere on the autism spectrum. he's not the easiest kid to be around. he's generally pretty hostile, and is pretty strident in his views about everything, but i don't take it personally. and i'm not supposed to. it's just his way. but i always make a point of saying hello and goodbye, and trying to hear what he's trying to tell me when he's being imperious. it finally got warm enough for him to ride his bike here, and so i've seen a lot more of him lately. on wednesday he was here before i got in and he yelled at me for keeping him waiting. i told him i was a bit later than usual because my cat needed attention, but i was sorry that he was frustrated with waiting. then, i complimented him on his captain america hoodie and he saluted me, so i knew we were friends again. he came in today to pick up a book he ordered. he brought in his official harry potter elder wand to show me. it was pretty cool and i told him so. he gave me the money for his book, and when i walked back to the counter with his change he shouted, "expelliamus!" so, i lurched like he had really done it and tossed his 3 pennies at him. he actually smiled at me. then he shouted, "crucio!" i said, "no unforgivable curses in the store. but it's okay, i could tell you didn't really mean it, since it didn't even come close to working." he was so happy! and so am i. i'm such a hufflepuff.another tale from *absurdly friendly neighborhood drive-thru*, my fellow tfr'ians. today's tale takes place not in the cashier booth, not in the kitchen, not in the parking lot, but in the bathroom. yes! the bathroom. while i'm working i begin to experience a bit of a rumblin' in my gut and, as is custom, i answer nature's call (she seems to have me on speed-dial). our men's room features the following amenities- 1 toilet stall, two urinals, and a sink. i take up position on the toilet and enjoy the relative quiet while i do my biological duty. i hear the bathroom door swing open followed by the shuffling of feet, positioning in front of a urinal. nothing out of the ordinary. then comes the faint sound of a zipper opening and a slight grunt from its owner. sounds like an elderly gent. seems normal. then came the sound of... more grunting? okay. he's old, hard to pee sometimes. makes sense. but no. the sound of a stream of urine splashing against porcelain was not the next noise to be heard. the next sounds to be heard were a series soft patting noises. almost... rhythmic. more grunting followed. the cacophony of patting and grunting echoing through the bathroom grew in intensity over the next minute. a terrible realization dawned over me as i sat in the stall that i had hoped to be my personal bastille against the horrors that transpired just a couple of feet away. i tried to block it out. it did not work. a voice in the back of my mind screamed in agony- "this patting noise seems... familiar. no! no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no. ew. eeewwwwww." *fap fap grunt fap fap fap grunt fap* "oh god no why is this happening?" *fap grunt fap fap* "please, any god, every god, let this end!" *fap fap fap* "there is no decency in this world!" *fap fap moan* "it's over!" and then to compound the squick factor at work i hear him softly mutter "oh that was good. good show." "did he just...no. oh god no. oh merciful shit no. was i just on the receiving end of a penis-serenade from a perverted old voyeur in the bathroom at work?" my body completely locked up. i fought back the urge to vomit. i was quickly snapped from my state of shock by the sound of a urinal flush and the shuffling of feet. i was relieved to hear that the man whom just inflicted me with a masturbatory ambush was leaving the bathroom. i do hope he was not expecting any thanks from me for his performance. i quickly returned to a state of shock when i next heard the bathroom door swing open, and foot-shuffles fading into the distance. **he did not wash his hands** the next two minutes of my life were spent cringing and questioning every single decision in my life that brought me to this moment. tl;dr- i entered the bathroom a hopeful, cheerful, optimistic person. the horrors i endured in there had left me a broken, disheveled, utterly destroyed shell of the man i once was. there is no good in the world. god is dead. hope is a lie.last summer i worked in a big grocery store that also sold some hot dogs and ice cream for hungry customers. we sold french hot dogs, the ones where the bread is a baguette with a hole in it, and you eat upright. since the dressing has to go in before the hot dog, we did this for the customers. one day dressing man comes in and buys a french hot dog. &gt; dm: i want a lot of dressing. a lot! &gt; me: hi! i'll do my best! there you go. &gt; dm: no more than that, that's not enough. &gt; me: okay, here's some more dressing for you! at this point already there is hardly any room for the hot dog. &gt; dm: no, more. i always get this much dressing when i come here. the girl from last week did it just fine. &gt; me: i'm sorry, there has to be room left for the hot dog or the bread will crack. no one could fit more dressing in this baguette! &gt; dm: ...just a liiittle bit more? i give him another squeeze of dressing and he mutters, not satisfied with the amount but takes his hot dog and walks away. ten minutes later he comes back. &gt; dm: i want a new one!! the bread broke and now there's dressing everywhere! i notice he has eaten more than 3/4 of it. &gt; me: i'm sorry, i'll get you a new...wait you've already eaten it? &gt; dm: not all of it, and the bread just broke! i demand a new one! &gt; me: i'm sorry i can't give you a new one when you've already eaten it. the bread always breaks in the end with that much dressing. he mutters something about never shopping here again and walks away. i wonder how many times he has pulled this stunt to get new hot dogs over and over?i was on the register, scanning, bagging, blah blah blah. woman comes through with her husband and buys a lot of stuff, including 2 boxes of cough medicine. me: your total is somethingsomething. woman: i don't have enough. take off one of those cough syrups. me: sure thing. so i voided out the cough syrup, and had a total brain fart. i said, "have a nice day." after she paid, and she walked away. then my brain finally decided to work and i realized- i never actually took the cough medicine back. i only voided it. it was still in her bag. me: ma'am, you forgot to give me back the cough medicine! woman's husband: no she didn't. at this point i could literally see it inside the shopping bag she was holding (our bags are flimsy and almost transparent) me: uh, yeah, you still have it. i definitely don't have it. they kept walking away, and pretending like they couldn't hear me. after hours and hours of thankless, rude customers, a 9 hour shift that seemed to never end, and a horrible ache in my feet, i had no pleasantries left. i ran over to the woman, reached into her bag, and pulled out one of the cough medicines. me: yep, there it is. have a great day. bye. see ya. and then they had the nerve to "humph" at me and shake their heads. yeah, oops, i didn't let you steal. f**kers. so thanks to the huge response my [first story]( received the other day, y'all are getting one more, albeit not as great as that tale. incidentally, this story also deals with credit cards. it takes place a year ago, shortly after i was first hired part-time at the little convenience store i now work at full-time 5 days a week. it's an otherwise slow and uneventful sunday. around 10am. most in this town are at church at this time, including the owner and general manager of the store. i'm manning the place on my own for the first time. the responsibility was nice; a bit intimidating, even, as i'm used to having managers surround me at all times while on the clock. it was nice to do this, though, and i figured today would be a calm day. not so. a gal who looks to be early 20s walks in -- first customer of the day. she sticks a cold beer on the counter and asks for two lotto tickets and a pack of cigs. pretty standard convenience store transaction. until she gets out her credit card. this woman did not understand credit, at all. she asks why it didn't require a pin. i explain that usually debit cards require pins. this dumbfounded her. then, as the card is processing, those dreaded words appear. "declined." i ask if she has something else. she pulls out another card, swipes it, and it works. this hilarious exchange follows: her: "don't you just love credit? i hear people complaining about it all the time, but i don't get it. it's free money, you know? am i right or what?" no, lady, you're not.posting from mobile. sorry in advance for spelling. to start things off this was last year when i had broken my right hand, which was also my writing hand. i had a cast that went all the way up to my elbow and my fingers were a lovely purple colour so it was pretty obvious that i was injured. still in pain and looking like mega man i soldier on and go to work a few days after my accident and just work the register. i work in a card and gift store so it wasn't too tough using the one hand and most of the customers were pretty understanding and patient. then this lady comes to the counter with a card... i say "hi" and smile. she says nothing and throws the card on the counter. i scan it through, tell her the amount, complete the sale, blah blah blah. still no word or even a smile. i bag up her card awkwardly with my one hand and pass it over to her but she instantly rips it out of the bag and places it back on the counter. lady customer: "i need you to write in this card for me." (this happens pretty often and i would usually do it but obvs can't with a broken hand) me: "i'm really sorry, i usually would but..." *points to cast* "i've broken my hand and can't even grasp a pen if i wanted to." lady customer: *sighs* "just try!" me: "i... i really can't. my hand is broken." lady customer: "for gods sake, it's not that hard! use your other hand then!" me: "i'm not left handed so it's going to be really messy though..." she grunts and sighs and insists i just try. so i get a piece of paper and ask her what she wants written to see how well i can write with my left hand. it was pretty pathetic but hey, i've never been forced to write with my left hand. what do you expect! i'm halfway through writing the name on the piece of paper when she grabs the card off the counter and says... "oh my god. i'll just do it my self!" and storms out. bitch, really? sorry for having a broken hand and not thinking about how you might need me to write your own damn card out for you! how can she even have friends to buy cards for?! edit: i'm not looking for any any karma for this. i think it's want any human being would do. unfortunately, there are a lot of non-humans running things. when i was in college (1970s), i worked at a fast food place that was right across from a large college campus in a very liberal, southern city. a lot of hippies, homeless people, etc. hung out near campus. we would regularly have two or three people in their late teens, early twenties come in to the store, come up to the counter and ask for packets of salt. these folks looked like any other hippie that walked into our store. i would give them 5-6 packets and think nothing of it. then a co-worker told me they were homeless and using the salt to add flavor to the dry dog food they lived off of. it made me sad. after a few weeks of doing this once or twice a week, my manager, who was a royal douchebag, told me i could no longer give these people free salt. it was costing the store too much money. i explained to him that these folks were eating dog food to survive and i would happily pay for the salt if he told me how much it was. he refused and told me i could not give out any more salt. so i did what any normal, red-blooded american would do. whenever these folks came in and ask for free salt, i would tell them i was sorry, but i couldn't give out any salt unless they ordered something. at the same time, i casually handed one of them a dollar and asked what they would like to order. most of our items were priced at well below a dollar. the guy would order a couple of items and ask for salt, which i gave him plenty of. instead of the 5-6 packets i had been handing out, i gave him 10-12 packets with his order. my douchebag manager couldn't do anything about it because they were ordering food and therefore customers. he tried to tell me i could not give them money and i just replied "he's a friend of mine. i owed him a dollar". this store had already been sued successfully for wrongful termination so he didn't want any more lawsuits. i continued to do this until i quit about a year later.i'm on my lunch break now but i just want to pop in with a quick post. i work at a pharmacy retail store and we're doing a fundraiser with a fund for children that almost no one nose about. ;) i'm in a very affluent area and all of these rich customers keep trying to assuage their guilt aloud with me. here's how almost all of these scenarios are playing out: me: do you want to buy a red nose or donate a dollar to help children in poverty today? customer: no. i actually donate to a lot of charities. me: ok! your total is x. would you like a bag? c: we donate to st. jude's children fund every year, i just did a charity walk, we donate to buy underprivileged children every christmas, we... me: cool!... do you want a bag? c: i'm a very charitable person. me: sure sounds like it. do you want a bag? i am not sitting here judging you. i am required to ask every customer. a simple "no thanks, not today" will do. i'm sure you're very chartiable, ma'am. but please do not submit your tax return to me every time i ask you to donate.this happened to me a few years back while i was a store lead (assistant to the assistant manager), a position that basically gives the authority to override the register and deal with small stuff so the manager doesn't have to, and a colored name tag to show the change in status. i was building a new floor display when i heard a customer starting to get very vocal in appliances, so i went over to see if i could help out. i heard his voice escalate and his language became very insulting to the associate who was helping him, so i radioed loss prevention to let them know there was a disturbance brewing. i was approaching the customer from behind when the beleaguered associate raised his hand to signal me. this caused the customer to turn around and face me, and i could immediately tell he was on something. i don't know if it was booze or drugs, but his body odor clouded everything anyway. the following is the exchange, as i remember it: &gt; inebriated customer: finally! a f*ing manager! &gt; me: sir, i'm going to have to ask you to lower your voice in the store. &gt; ic: i've had it with you f*ing a*holes telling me to calm down! i am f*ing calm! fffffffff*****iinggggggg caaaalllllmmmm!!! &gt; me: sir, please don't use that kind... and then i heard two loud noises, and i was suddenly facing to my left. it took a moment to register that i had just been punched by his right hand, then his left, in quick succession. i didn't even see it coming. but i'm still standing, just facing left. the whole store is quiet. as i turn to face him again, i am outwardly calm but freaking out internally about what is going to happen next. i'm in ok shape, but i don't work out and world of warcraft had taken its toll on my body at this time. i have never been in a fight before, never even thrown a punch! i have no idea what is going to happen next. but then, as i turn to face him again, my neck pops, like when you pop your knuckles. a very loud pop in the silence that has fallen. (quick aside, i have always been able to make my joints pop, not just in my hands, but almost every place bones meet. elbows, knees, shoulder, neck, back, jaw, whatever.) so, looking this man square in the eye, i leaned my head to the right *pop* then slowly back to the left *pop*. then back to center. and he started to cry. no words, just tears falling down his cheeks. probably the sight of loss prevention and the store managers approaching quickly forced him to realize how much trouble he was in, (he was eventually charged with assault in the fourth degree, class a misdemeanor) but i like to believe my neck pops just cowed him into submission. edit 1: wow, front page! glad people enjoyed the worst/best story i have from retail! i work at a home improvement store in the midwest. i'm also half asian, so on a bi-weekly basis i'm asked in-so-many-words, "why are you brown?" always by white men. it's terribly annoying. here is one such instance: it's the end of the night, and a man in his mid-twenties seems excited to see me. i can see it in his face, he's going to ask the usual question. &gt;"i hope this isn't annoying, but where are you from?" queue my internal groan. &gt;"i'm from mos eisley." &gt;"oh wow, i've never heard of there," his eager smile is wide and weird, "where is it?" &gt;"it's on tatooine. a mostly desert region." &gt;"very cool. i dated a girl from taipei once." &gt;"...great." i replied. thankfully at this time, i've rushed ringing up and checking out his items as we talk, i tell him to have a good evening. he leaves with a goofy wave, and i sigh in disbelief. the title is a pretty neat tl;dr and the story explains the rest, so without further ado: &gt;[phone rings, i answer] me: hello? caller: yes, hello, i'm at [other suburb's store] and i've just bought some a5 paper that i wanted to print on, but their colour machine isn't working, can you print on that? me: well, actually, we can print colour and we can print a5 size, but we actually print two up on an a4 sheet. we can't print on a5 size directly, though, because the machines just don't understand it. no matter which way we try to put it in, it just doesn't go in. it doesn't feed. so we can print for you, but not onto that a5 paper, no. caller: but i had it done at [store which closed down four years ago]. me: really? caller: yeah, but they're closed now. me: oh. are they? caller: yes. me: ah. [short pause] caller: so can you print on this paper? me: we can do colour printing, that's just fine. that'd be in a4 size, though, but we can't print onto a5 paper directly, unfortunately. caller: but i had it done at [store]. me: yeah, but they're closed now, aren't they? caller: yeah. me: yeah... [pause of *at least* one minute] caller: hello? me: yes? caller: are you still there? me: yes, i'm still here. just wondering if you have any further questions. caller: ...well... i'm returning this paper, then! and with that query essentially resolved, we both hung up our phones.so anyone who has worked in retail knows that employees sometimes have to go through or use outdated or unrealistic techniques. at my job, we have to use open ended questions, but not just "what brings you into day". no!, we have to ask personal question that have nothing to do with why they came to shop and a lot of times are creepy and/or ineffective. the whole day, my manager had been on my ass for not using the techniques. i tried using them but every client i did felt as if i was coming on like a cheesy used car salesman on commission. till this happened . . . me: &gt; hello sir, what brings you in today? customer: &gt; i am looking for a desktop *me using the corporate techniques* me: &gt; ah okay, i must say, those are some nice shoes customer: &gt; thanks man me: *again, using the techniques* &gt; so tell me about yourself, what are your needs and wants *now like i sound like i'm on a date with the guy* customer: &gt; uh, yeah i need another computer, mine died on me yesterday. i just use it for the basics. web, emails, words, excel, powerpoint, . . etc" me: &gt;alright *taking notes, like i'm suppose too* &gt; do you mind if i take notes? customer: &gt;go ahead *note: a lot of customers think its a survey. &gt; what happened to your old computer? customer: &gt; kid broke it me: &gt; how many kids do you have? *at this point, my manager is hovering over me, making sure i ask these trivial questions instead of just being a regular guy and trying to find him the right product customer: &gt;does it matter? look man, i just want to get a computer me: *at this point i just kind of want to be real with him, but hovering manager &gt;"i'm sorry sir, i'm just asking question to better help you choose the right computer" &gt;so what do you do for a living customer: *getting visibly annoyed* *looks at manager* &gt;are you the manager? &gt;look man, i know you guys have policies, but yeah, that shit doesn't work. customers just want a normal, non-forced conversation, and to get in and get out in my head: &gt;finally! someone gets it! edit: gold!? thank you guys! i never would have thought this would have gotten gold. i do want to say from my own experience, i have gotten better more accurate results and happier clientele, that personally come back to see me because i don't treat the customer like they are an idiot. i have a normal conversation with that person and 9/10 i end up selling them warranty or whatever they need to fit their needs. i don't need to constantly remind them about our x month financing option every time they see an item. i let them know it's there, i ask questions pertaining to the item they wish to purchase. downvote or not but i will tell you when a computer is straight up shit. management doesn't like us doing so, they like us saying that those computers are our "hot buys". no, they are hot shit. a $199 computer with a celeron processor will not play world of warcraft or do heavily multitasking. and because of that i naturally build rapport with them. not by asking what their favorite color is, false compliments and coming off like a commissioned salesman who doesn't care about your experience, because i genuinely want you to like your item. edit: grammer*so i was working today, and i had these three hispanic ladies come walking up. we had a veterans day coupon out, and the head honcho of the group had something like 8 of the exact same coupon and wanted to break them up into split transactions to use all 8. well, we obviously can't do that, so as she shoves the coupons into my face i let her know that we can only use one, even across multiple transactions due to someone abusing the system prior and rendering us unable to do that. at this point, her limited english completely stops and she starts talking to the two other ladies with her in nothing but spanish. the trio starts talking crap on me, various levels of insults from how i don't know what i'm talking about to how i shouldn't have a job, and then one of the ladies pipes up: &gt; l2 (in spanish) : "this kid thinks he's hot sh*t telling us what to do like that." &gt; l1 (in spanish) : "i know, right? he probably just can't wait to go home and f**k his mother tonight." so by this point, i'm fuming. i've had three years of spanish plus a couple of months in mexico - i may be the whitest kid you'll find in my state but i'm fairly well-versed in the spanish language. i keep up the charade until their card goes through. at this point, i rip the receipt from the register. &gt;/u/epiwssa (in spanish) : so, here's a link to a survey we have our customers do, just to let us know how we're doing. i don't f**k my mother at night, and you saved a total of $24.98 today, here's your receipt, have a wonderful day. by now, all three ladies are looking at me with that horrified look on their faces as they've now realized that i understood essentially everything they spoke in spanish. they shuffle off over to the customer service desk and ask to speak to a manager, and i never hear about it again. tl;dr: i'm whiter than a cheesecake, and i live in the mountain west area, but that doesn't mean i don't know spanish.ah, christmas. the festive season of late minute customer panic and snotty behaviour. &amp;nbsp; i work at a large liquor store and this particular story starts in the mid-afternoon rush, although the whole day was just one rush. &amp;nbsp; this lady (l) comes up to my colleague (col) and says: &amp;nbsp; &gt;l: do you have any frankziskhaner? &gt;col: sorry, we're all sold out. &gt;l: are you sure? &gt;col: yes. &gt;l: do you have any out back? &gt;col: no. we're all sold. out. &gt;l: but it's a christmas present. &gt;col: not any more it isn't. &amp;nbsp; when my colleague said that, i tried to control my laughter and failed. it was my colleague's first christmas and they handled it beautifully. &amp;nbsp; merry christmas my lovely retail friends. &amp;nbsp; edit: formatting so this was back something like 9 or 10 years ago. i was working at huge electronics/computer store and one of the aisles i had to oversee was the toy aisle. oh and i should mention that it's christmas season. i'm walking down the aisle to tidy it up and reorganize some of the stuff. i see this lady in the aisle. i walk straight up to her and ask her if i can help her find something. i'll summarize the exchange. i ask her if she needs help. she says that she does. i ask her what she's looking for she tells me it's a remote control ufo that asks kids math questions and when he kids shout back the correct answer it does a small laser light show. sounds cool right? i ask her if she knows what it's called or who makes it because at this point i'm actually psyched about how cool the you sounds. she tells me that she's never actually seen it she just knows my store has a reputation for having a lot of cool stuff and if anyone had it we would. seriously, lady?!? let me repeat. it's an rc ufo that kids yell math answers at to be rewarded with a laser light show. that's kind of a specific request for a toy that you have no evidence of existing. i work as a manager for -informal eating out- restaurant. a few weeks back i was helping out the drive thru by working on the presenter window, basically coordinating the bags that are being thrown at me, and passing drinks and food out of the window to the waiting cars. generally this is an easy task and you have no worries. this day, however, something snapped and everyone was l rude to us. one customer sticks out in my mind, and this is how it went. customer pulls up to window after just paying for £25 worth of items. [me] hey there, won't keep you a minute. *hands out 4 drinks in a four-cup holder, and one drink separately* at this point, the lady rolls her eyes and mutters to her daughter [cust] for fucks sake, they always do this. [me] is something wrong, ma'am? [cust] why the hell have you given me all of this? [me] did you not order it all? [cust] of course i did! i think i know what i ordered. [me] okay.... so what seems to be the issue? [cust] how the hell do you expect me to drive home safely with all of this? [me] i... i don't know. perhaps your family could hold it? [cust] no. that is out of the question. [me] what the hell do you want me to do then? [cust] this is ridiculous. sort it out next time. i will complain about you. *customer starts to drive anyway at this point* [me] have a safe drive! my senior managers were standing next to me, as i had started to raise my voice and were just wetting themselves with laughter. didn't hear a single complaint from her after that. was kinda disappointed. tl;dr: customer gets angry for ordering too much. long time lurker, first time poster. i work at a gas station. we get our fair share of crazies on a daily basis and i could tell you hundreds of stories but today i'll tell you just one. so on this day it was early in the morning before the sun was even up and 3rd shift was nearly over. i was tired and ready to leave because i had just pulled a double because the 3rd shifter decided not to show up. all alone in the store i was pretty much just getting ready for the soon to come morning rush. a lady walks in carrying one of the coffee mugs we sell at our stores. when you bring it in and fill it up we charge it as a refill and you save some money. she gets over to the coffee pots, looks at me, looks at them, looks back at me and says "there's not enough coffee". now i had just made two fresh pots of each type of coffee we have so there was plenty of coffee, needless to say i was confused. i walk over here and look to make sure i wasn't losing my mind and sure enough the coffee was all still there. i tell her "ma'am i just made all these pots of coffee not too long ago, it's all fresh and you can take as much as you'd like". she replies with "no, there's not enough to fill my mug. you need to make more. do it quickly." i see she has a 32 oz mug and our coffee pots are 30 oz each so we had 60 oz total of the kind she wanted, more than enough to fill her mug. i inform her of this and she starts to get agitated saying "no! i come here all the time and it takes three pots to fill me mug! would you please make another one!". at this point i give up and start brewing another pot of coffee. 6 minutes later the coffee is all brewed up, she takes it and fills her mug up. one whole pot goes in and she smiles at meas if she had proven i was an idiot. she grabs a second pot and pours barely any in, leaving nearly 2 full pots. as much as i wanna rub it in her face that i was right i hold my tongue and wait for her to get to the counter so i can ring her out. she puts the cap on her mug and casually starts walking out the door before i stopped her. she looks at me funny and says "what? they usually give it to me free when i have to wait". not today lady, i tell her "well miss we actually aren't allowed to do that. the only time we can allow that is when the coffee is old and the customer is forced to wait. you requested a pot of coffee while there were 2 fresh pots available. i'm going to have to charge you for it". now the show begins. for this part of the story ccl will stand for be crazy coffee lady **ccl** - "what this is ridiculous there wasn't enough coffee!" **me** - "no ma'am there's was plenty of fresh coffee available for you to use. it seems you may have misjudged just how big our coffee pots are." **ccl** - "no! i come here every day! it always takes three! you must have made them bigger!" **me** - "well i did tell you that the pots were 30 oz each." **ccl** - "i have been coming to this store for years and this is how you treat me! how much is it?" **me** - "that will be $1.07, do you have your rewards card?" **ccl** - "what! how! i thought it was $0.95! you're just trying to rip me off!" **me** - "no ma'me that's just the tax added to the total." **ccl** - "i'm not paying for this." she gives me a smug look. then i take her coffee mug and place it out of her reach behind the counter. **me** - "well miss i'm sorry but i can't let you leave with free coffee. i can go dump this coffee out if you want and give you your mug back. are you sure you don't want the coffee?" **ccl** - "give me back my mug this is theft i'll call the cops!" **me** - "are you wanting to buy the coffee?" **ccl** - "fine! yes i'll buy it, just don't expect to ever see me in here again! this is terrible service! as expected from a gas station i suppose." ahh music to my ears, i love it when people say "i'll never come back". makes me feel amazing after interactions like this. **me** - "alright then, like i said before the total is $1.07. do you have your rewards card?" **ccl** - "look, i don't have the cash on me right now. i've gone through enough can't you just let me have it? it's only coffee." **me** - "sorry ma'am i can't do that." i took her mug to the sink and poured out all the coffee, i shed a single tear as i wished it safe journey. she flips out one last time at me saying "really! you're just going to pour it out instead of giving it to me? i'm going to call corporate and get you fired!". she stormed out of the building, got in her truck and peeled out of the parking lot. i had a good laugh and couldn't wait for the first shifters to get there so i could tell them this story. we get people like this every so often that think they're clever and can get free stuff out of us. but not at my gas station you won't, especially if you don't have your rewards card. back before the national chains drove them out of business, there used to be local electronic stores. i worked for one of these for a couple of years. the store was located in a pretty good neighborhood, but not far from a not so good neighborhood. one day, i was back in the warehouse area checking on something, when i heard a commotion from our car install bay. i went back to see the installer outside yelling at a guy who was running off carrying something. some scrawny crackhead looking guy had walked into the install bay and grabbed a power amp that was sitting in the trunk of a customer's car prior to being installed and just ran off with it. i told the installer to call 911, and that i would follow the guy and keep him in sight. the guy wasn't moving fast at all. he looked to weigh about 120 pounds, and this was a big amp that probably weighed 40 or 50 pounds. he was barely able to get above a fast walk. he soon noticed me following him, and called out for me to stop or he would kick my ass. this seemed unlikely, as i was in excellent shape at the time and was experienced in dealing with people wanting to kick my ass from my second job as a nightclub doorman. so i continued to follow him. a bit later, he called out that he had a gun, and if i continued to follow him, he would shoot me. this also seemed unlikely. if he actually had a gun, he would have led with that instead of the absurd threat of physical violence. also, i wasn't trying to close with the guy, just keep him in sight until the cops arrived. i figured i was well out of crackhead pistol range. we were in a residential neighborhood, and apparently residents were calling in as we passed, including one who heard the gun threat. soon i was hearing sirens from all directions. cars converged on the guy from three directions at once, shotguns were pointed, instructions were yelled, and the guy dropped the amp and went face down on the ground. for my part, i stood very still with my empty hands in plain view. the best part was, him yelling threats at me that he had a gun, even though he didn't, turned his crime from misdemeanor theft into the class a felony of armed robbery. instead of the fine and probation he likely would have received, he ended up sentenced to twelve years. about a year ago i was at the cash register at the sub shop i work at when a family comes in. nice looking family, dad and two sons about 12 and 10. the dad asks the 12 year old 'alright, buddy, what would you like?" the 12 year old orders a sandwich and then the dad orders one for himself. i look at the 10 year old, who turns to his dad and says 'i really want a sandwich, dad." "then you should have got an a on your project." he mumbles towards the kid. "but i got a c." the little kid says but the dad ignores him and keeps looking at me. i stare at him confused and tell him his total. he pays and they get their food. once again, the kid asks for a sandwich. the dad tells him he can have left overs when he gets home. to my shock, dad and older brother eat their food at the restaurant with this little kid just looking on. the older brother is teasing him with his food (i have a sandwich and you get left overs, haha!) and the dad is too busy on his phone to really care. i know this isn't child abuse and i don't know their lives and stories but damn…that was cold. *edit:* i really enjoyed reading the comments and seeing others opinions on this. i wouldn't consider this so much abuse but really strict parenting that i personally would feel horrible doing. no, there really wasn't anything i could do but give a 'i'm judging you' glare. he is still feeding his kid as far as i know, although he is making him feel like shit in the process. *edit 2:* yes, i get it, i was a scumbag for not giving the kid a free sandwich, you all can stop pming me about it now. *edit 3:* til redditors have strong opinions on parentingi used to work at a gas station and, like with most retail jobs, i had my fair share of rude customers. i was behind the register talking to a friend who'd popped in to say hi when a customer approached the front counter. okay cool, just needed to be rung up. standard stuff. the customer was a lady who looked to be in her late 30's - she had no makeup on that i'd noticed, was modestly dressed, and her hair was drawn tight into a ponytail at the nape of her neck. pretty typical looking woman for the small conservative town i worked in. i guess this is where i should mention that i was wearing red lipstick that night, as i did during many of my shifts. (i looooove me some red lipstick.) i made some friendly small talk, but throughout the entire transaction, this lady was silent. and she was staring at my mouth. i got weird vibes that she was angry about something, but i didn't ask why; i went to hand her the grocery bag and told her to have a good night. "i don't like your lipstick." her response snapped out of her mouth like she'd been trying to hold it in but just couldn't do it anymore. "what?" "your lipstick - it's too dark. i don't like it." i kind of froze, not sure how to respond to her unsolicited critique of my makeup. did she really think that her opinion about my lipstick was so important that she *had* to share it? when i don't know what to say, i just smile. so i did that. she tried to backtrack, saying that red just didn't look good on me, but i just kept smiling. the more she spoke, the wider my smile got. my friend, who had been watching the entire time, tried to stifle his laughter and failed miserably. i think that was the moment when she realized how completely inappropriate she was being and hightailed it out of there. i still get annoyed when i think of that interaction. i wear lipstick for *myself*, not to cater to *your* specific tastes, lady. people can be so self-absorbed, i swear.hey, tfr. i just saw this happen last night. so, i work customer service at a wholesale club in the us. for those unfamiliar with wholesale clubs, you purchase a year's membership and get all your info recorded in our database. it's no secret as we ask for your license and all the particulars when you sign up. when you check out, you need your membership card, so naturally, all your purchases are recorded, no matter which club you use it at. last night, i'm manning the desk when my supervisor, who is about my age (within a few years of twenty), walks over to me. &gt; hey, uh, lancecorporalawesome. what do we do when we suspect credit card fraud? &gt;i don't know. get a manager, i guess. why? &gt; that guy at self-checkout is trying to use, like, ten credit cards over there. &gt; shit, really? i look over and see this guy with big-ass dreads and earbuds in getting frustrated with the card machine because it keeps declining his card(s). my supervisor radios the manager, asking him to come to the supervisor counter. our manager comes over and my supervisor alerts him to the situation. this whole time, dreadlocks guy's light is flashing because his payment keeps getting declined. my manager goes over to him and "helps" him out, mainly as an excuse to get a closer look without attracting the guy's suspicion. surprisingly, the guy didn't even seem nervous about my manager being right there the whole time. he just kept right on going. eventually, the guy left. we immediately go over and reprint his receipt and find that, lo and behold, the guy left his cart behind with some stuff in it. apparently, he had tried to break it up into several transactions and gave up on the latest one. we look inside the cart and see two packs of plugin air fresheners and a rug. hidden underneath the rug were a $100 itunes gift card, a $50 google play gift card, and nine (9!) visa gift cards worth $200 each. i don't remember how much he had already succeeded in loading up and making off with. now here's the good part. using his receipt, the manager pulled up his membership. last year, the guy spent $400, maybe $500. this year, he spent just shy of $32,000. he looked up his purchase history and we saw hundreds of visa gift cards purchased in clubs in several states, and even the occasional batch of groceries. it was insane. i don't know what happens next, and i likely won't find out, but if i do, i'll update you guys. tl;dr: guy uses stolen credit cards, also uses membership card with all his personal information on it. edit: one missing word and replaced "nectar" with "because." autocorrect sometimes.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. i've posted a few other stories [here]( if you're interested. **story:** i think because of the type of business i have, a fireworks tent in a parking lot, that people who come to shop just assume that they can wheel and deal to get a better price. they're right! i own the place, i set the prices, and i get to make the rules. we always try to throw in something extra for our customers. where i'm from in louisiana, it's known as “lagniappe”, which means “a little something extra”. it's kind of like a baker's dozen (13 instead of 12). if you come in with a great attitude, pick out your stuff, and are friendly to my staff, i'm going to make sure you leave happy. i love the customers that come in and try to get a deal by telling us that they “know the owner”. you would not believe how often this happens. my standard response when someone tells me this is... **them:** i’m supposed to get a discount. i know the owner. **me:** great! if you can just have him give me a call, we can go ahead and give you the standard 50% discount. if we’re slow, my other favorite scenario is to tell them that we’ll check the “comp list” to see if they’re supposed to get their stuff for free. i’ll then periodically yell out and randomly ask each employee if they’ve seen the comp list, while obviously making no attempt to look myself. most of my employees are in on the joke, and will just say no, or claim they saw some other employee looking at it. the credit for the best response goes to my good friend steven, who kindly takes a few days off from his real job to help me out when i’m really busy. when he’s helping, i think of him as another manager. i trust his judgment, and if he wants to give a discount or step in and take care of an issue, more power to him. steven had been helping out a problem shopper, and the guy had really worn him out. i’d been helping out other people, but i’d seen steven going round and round with this guy. typical entitled angry shopper (eas). steven is showing him around and explaining what everything does. meanwhile, the guy is basically berating steven the entire time. he doesn’t like the stuff we have, our prices are too expensive, he can get a better deal down the road, it goes on and on. the guy finally gets up to the counter to check out, and steven goes off to help someone else. after a few minutes, the cashier calls steven back to the counter. steven had already given the guy a couple of free things to try and make him happy, but the eas is now demanding a discount on his entire purchase. i’m standing about 15 feet away helping another customer, when i stop and look over just in time to catch this exchange. **eas:** i’m supposed to get a discount. i know the owner! **steven:** you do?!? you must be the guy he called me about. **eas:** yes. **steven:** he said that you were an asshole, and that i should charge you double for whatever you wanted. steven turned around and walked away, eas angrily paid and stormed out of the tent, and i turned and went right back to helping my customer, who was now laughing her ass off. &gt;**bonus responses from my single days:** &gt; &gt;a selection of some of my responses when it was a beautiful woman claiming they knew the owner to get a discount. &gt; &gt;**me:** hello, i'm the owner. have you ever considered marrying for money? &gt; &gt;**me:** i hear the owner is a fastastic guy. are you going out with him? would you like to be? &gt; &gt;**me:** hello, i'm the owner. would you like to discuss your discount over coffee? &gt; &gt;**me:** the owner told me we were only allowed to give discounts if the woman was topless. &gt; &gt;**me:** i'm sorry, i'm the owner but i don't remember you. did we sleep together? in our store's range we have seasonal goods, which at this time of year is mostly travel goods (suitcases, luggage tags, luggage scales and the like). the suitcases generally come in 4 sizes from the smallest carry-on ones right up to an enormous family sized case. usually people only buy one or two of these at a time. this day a lady came in and i was stood at the end of an aisle tidying. she asked me where the suitcases were and i told her, so she went off. by the time she returned to pay i was back at my till and she came over. now generally if people are buying suitcases i like to ask if they're planning a trip anywhere nice (it's that time of year). the lady was buying an entire set of suitcases so i assumed it was a long trip somewhere. her answer was tragic. she explained that her husband of almost 50 years had developed dementia, and it had reached a point where he didn't even recognise her or any family members, and could barely remember things he did hours previously. so she was making arrangements for him to go into permanent care, so he could receive the best care he needed. i honestly didn't know what to say at that point. :( short and sweet story of an idiot woman i had come in today. i'm working at the show (a very popular event where i'm from where there are animals, rides, craft tents, dog/horse judging, sideshows and a plethora of food stalls) and i'm in a cafe mostly run by vounlteers - i'm a paid worker. cut to post busy lunch, where everyone is changing bins, restocking, doing dishes etc. i'm approached by a woman at the coffee machine. she is cb - clueless bitch. cb: do you have milk bottles? i want them all. me: hi, we have just restocked and changed the bins around, sorry ma'am, they have all been thrown out. cb: well *i* need them for the goats milk that i'm about to get. so i need one now! me: i don't think you understand. we don't have any. they are thrown out in the big skip 100m away. cb: (eyeing the milk bottles next to the machine that are clearly very full) what about those? how long will it take to empty them by serving coffee? me: (gazing out in to the empty store) ma'am, i cannot predict that. there is no one here right now, it could take ten minutes to an hour. cb: well i certainly can't wait that long! what are you going to do about this? this is very bad service!! at this point i'd had enough of her stupidity. this is a temporary job for me and these people are keeping me until the show is over so i was in no danger of losing this job. me: well in fact, ma'am, you've walked in here, not buying anything, demanding milk bottles that we clearly don't have for your own personal use, and now complaining that we have bad service. i recommend that you bring your own next time unless you'd like to wait an hour for one. but by the way you've spoken to me i highly doubt i'd even give it to you. cb: well, well... i never! where is your manager?! me: there is no manager. this is a volunteer run cafe. these people have better things to do than wait at your beck and call to give you something you were too lazy to get for yourself prior to coming here. cb turns red, storms out. victory. we don't need to deal wit yo shit. i work in a small town pharmacy/store that also happens to take bills. we take bills any time between 8 am to 8 pm, but after that our computers will not process any more. some (most) people seem to ignore the fact that we physically cannot do anything with the bills after that, even if we wanted to, and get angry. trust me, i've seen it all. the other day, something happened though that i'll never forget. at around 8:30 a young woman walked in with a bill in her hand. as soon as i saw that i told her, "i'm so sorry, after 8 we cannot take any more bills." expecting to hear a tantrum, like so many before her, she surprised me and simply said, "you shouldn't apologize, it's not your fault." smiled and walked out. probably the one and only time i'll ever hear those words from a customer.long time lurker, first time poster, english isn't my native language and so on.. this story was years ago. i was just returning home from a clinic but decided to get some stuff from next door convenience store. i got what i need and then proceed to go to the cashier. the cashier looked pale and wasn't very focused on anything. even when i put all my groceries, she didn't seem noticed it. &gt; me : hello? i need you to ring this up? &gt; cashier(c) : oh i'm sorry sir, would that be all? &gt; me : yes, you looked pale, are you alright? &gt; c : i'm okay sir, that would be- suddenly, she gave me what i would call 'shower of vomit'. i was stunned as she stumbled and fell on the floor. my clothes were wet with puke but weirdly, didn't smell like anything. i yelled if anyone in the store can help me? alas, it was very quiet as i was the only customer there. i yelled again, "is there anyone in the back?" no answer. so i thought, "fuck it!" i went to the cashier and brought her to the clinic. &gt; doctor(d) : oh juvie, you're back? what's wro-good god! the doctor was surprised with my vomit-stained clothes as i walked in the clinic. he then helped me carry the cashier lady to the patient bed. &gt; d : what happened? &gt; me : i was just shopping normally, and then out of nowhere she just released a ton of her stomach content on me. he then examined her and said, &gt; d : looks like a stomach virus. thank you for bringing her here. some time passes and suddenly the store manager came over and saw the passed out cashier lady on the bed. the doctor and i explained the story to the store manager and his face was red with embarassment and guilt. he apologized and thanked me profusely, he then offers me laundry cleaning for my clothes and a gift card. i thanked him and left them in the clinic since i have to get a water shower to clean myself. a month later, i went back to the clinic for my medical check-up for my rehabilitation medicine. as i walked in the clinic, i saw the next door convenience store cashier lady holding a bouquet of flowers sitting on the waiting chair. she jumped to me and thanked me a lot for saving her, then gave me the bouquet of flowers. i'm touched, she doesn't have to, but she insisted. she thanked me again and again. and that's the story on how i get covered in vomit. edit : turned out she was the one insisting to work, and the store manager was very worried that she might get sick again. he was in the storage room while the accident happened. when he goes to the front and saw the sea of vomit, he immediately ran to the clinic searching for the cashier lady. edit 2 : she went to the clinic and asked whether if i might go there again, and the doctor gave away my ~~monthly check-up schedule~~. apparently, she wanted to thank me for saving her, so he gave her my next appointment. hello again, tfr! i posted a [story]( a couple of days ago from my time working at a deli. while some crazy things happened every now and then, this is by far the craziest thing that has every happened to me while working there. please bear with me, as this will be a little long. this particular day i was working a double shift as a delivery driver. it was a couple of hours until my first shift ended, and two deliveries got called in. one delivery was pretty close to our location and the other was a little farther but still a pretty short drive. *easy*, i think to myself. *i'll take the farther one and drop of the closer one on the way back.* i came to find out that i'm glad i made that decision. everything goes relatively smoothly. i drop off the first one, arrive at the second, and knock on the door. i immediately hear what sounds like a small child yelling. "mooooommm!!! heeellllpp!!!" *no biggie*, i think. *some kid was horse-playing and probably fell down. i'm sure their mom will be here shortly and answer the door*. so i wait. and wait. and wait some more. i knock again and the screaming picks back up. wait a minute or two, the screaming subsides. knock again, the screaming picks up. my mind starts to race. *surely the mom will be here, right? did she fall asleep? is she even there??* by now, every time i knock, the screaming gets more and more desperate. like someone is in some serious pain. i even tried opening the door, but it was locked. i mull it over in my head a bit, and finally decide on what i need to do. i'll call 911. even if it isn't an emergency, at least i can have the peace of mind that it wasn't anything bad. as an aside, i've hardly ever called 911, so i was extremely nervous and it took a lot to convince myself to call. i call the dispatcher and tell them what's going on. i tell them that there's what sounds like a child yelling in this house, and they inform me that there's a unit close by who's on the way. within 60 seconds, a police cruiser comes down the road. he comes up and i tell him what i told the dispatcher. he knocks and hears the screaming. tries to get into the house but no avail, so he goes around to the back. by this point, a second cop shows up. and a third. the first cop comes back to the front and tells me that he was able to speak to the person screaming through the back door. turns out it was an older lady, not a kid like i thought. shortly after he tells me this a fire truck and an ambulance come blaring down the road. fuck. this might be pretty bad. even worse was the fact that i parked in the driveway of this house, and the ambulance blocked me in, forcing me to stay. the firemen rush up to the door and bust it down. the paramedics rushed in after them, along with the cops. so now i'm outside by myself, waiting for them to finish... whatever it is they're doing so i can finally leave and get back to work. the entire time i'm worried that something is seriously wrong and felt helpless throughout the whole thing. finally, the paramedics come out with someone on a stretcher and load them up into the ambulance. one of the cops comes up to me and informs me that the lady living in this house recently has hip surgery, and while she was walking around the house she somehow displaced her hip, leaving her immobile and in a lot of pain. he told me it was a good thing i called since she had been there for a while and who knows how much longer she could have been stuck there. he gives me a congratulatory pat on the back, everyone loads up and leaves, and i finally make my way back to the deli. i get there, cash out, and go on my much needed break. **epilogue** - later on during the night shift, the husband of the woman came in to pick up the food from earlier. as my coworker was helping him, she pointed me out as the one who called 911. "you're the one who did that?" "yes sir. i was really worried that something serious happened..." he beams at me, shakes my hand while thanking me profusely, and hands me a few bucks for the trouble. in all honesty, he didn't even have to tip me. just his face and reaction was a good enough tip for me. a customer comes up to the fitting room with me asking about three leggings she found in the clearance section. two of them were marked down for $8 while the other was still full price at $14.88. i knew where this was going to go, because it has happened before. a manager comes up, listens to the customer, and then makes the customer happy by taking the price down of that one to match the others. a miracle among miracles, this didn't happen. i called for a manager. one of them told me to tell the customer yadda yadda. i told them i already told the customer that and they still want to speak with a manager. one of the co managers shows up, and listens to the customer. while doing this, she also looks over the items, and notices the upcs are very different, because they are from different series from the manufacturer. she tells this to the customer, and that therefore, it isn't discounted. customer tried to argue, but was still shutdown. i stood there in disbelief. i couldn't believe i heard that. the co manager walked away, leaving me to deal with the customer again. she was pissed and asked for the corporate number. i gave her the 1800 number. sure enough, within 15 minutes, corporate called, and i forwarded them to management. the conversation between managers over the walkie was yadda yadda store discretion and it isn't going to happen and also something about the lady sitting in the parking lot. i had myself a little giggle, saw my meal break replacement shows up, so i went to dinner. i had me some wings and a 20oz soda. have a great day. *edit: i made it to the front page! thanks to everyone.*this happened to me in my first job and i still to this day don't understand how the customer settled for my suggestion. i used to work in a chain of stores that sold baskin and robbins ice cream, if you've never tasted baskin and robbins it is literally the best ice cream you're going to get. the price was fairly expensive, but compared to other brands like ben and jerrys it was considerably cheaper, even more so if i've scooped it for you as i always over-scooped. at the time we had this offer on for a cherry milkshake which was £2 (usually £3.50). there were signs clearly posted which just said something along the lines of "try our cherry milkshake exclusive offer £2). so a guy comes to my counter and orders a cotton candy milkshake, he pays and goes and sits in our seating area, everything is fine with the world. 10 minutes later he comes back with this half drunk milkshake and slams it on the counter and clicks at me to get my attention. customer - "i paid £3.50 for this milkshake and that sign there says they're £2!" me - "we're having an offer our new cherry flavour ice cream, the special off price is only available for the cherry ice cream unfortunately" customer - "i don't like cherry and well, i feel like i've been ripped off, what are you going to do to resolve it? can't you make my milkshake £2" me - "i'm sorry you feel that way, but unfortunately it's only the cherry ice cream which is £2, what would you suggest?" customer - "i want a milkshake for £2!" me - "well i will be happy to make you a cherry milkshake for £2, and i can offer you a 20% discount on a box of 12 cookies as well" this guys face turns so smug, he agrees and pays for his items then leaves with another milkshake and a box of cookies spending an additional £7. so all in all he paid £10.50 for items he didn't actually want. i wonder how long it took him to realise what he had done. sir, you've just been served by the best my friend! i used to work in telco sales management for a random mvno. one day we had a customer return to us complaining about a large bill that she had received, telling us that she doesn't use her phone enough to rack up the bill. being a good manager, i sat down with her to go through the bill, to determine where the issue is. at the time, data services had become a big thing and i assumed that's where it would be coming from. nope. the lady had a list of thousands of sms sent in a single month. &gt;me: well, it looks as though you've been sending more text messages than you normally would. &gt;customer: no, that can't be right. i didn't send these messages. i'm being charged twice for every message. &gt;me: i see those, they are because you've asked for proof that each message has been received. but none of those are charged on your bill, the problem is related to the thousands of text messages that were sent. &gt; customer: i didn't send these messages. i want to be refunded for this. i've never spent so much on a phone bill in my life. i spent two hours with her, going through each message on the bill, finding the number they were sent to and matching it up with the messages on her phone. it wasn't until i had gone through every single sms and proved to her that she had sent each message that she admitted that her usage for the month was higher than normal. at that point she stormed out without so much as a thank you. and then i just shake my head and move on to the next customer.**update: the community helped to raise over $3300 for the family! it isn't much in the grand scheme of things, but it will be a big help in this first month or so. the raffles (the neighboring butcher and produce market also provided platters!) have been drawn and winners given their platters, and we still have customers opening their hearts and wallets. i'm going to push to make this an annual thing to celebrate our coworker's life and bring the community together.** you guys may remember my post about my co-worker dying suddenly. team morale is pretty much at zero, counselling is underway for team members, and the funeral is this week. the entire store is going, which means we're pulling from all stores nearby to cover. i still think a coworker's death and funeral should warrant a day of closure, but hey. we've started letting regular customers know what happened. the majority of regular customers we have are wonderful, all very caring about the store and staff - some were just as devastated as we were. she left behind two daughters, who are understandably finding it very hard to financially find their feet, so we've thrown a fundraising weekend. all-day sausage sizzle, raffles (all approved and supplied by the company) and donation cans on each register, an explanation taped around the can. they all read: &gt;recently, we've lost a team member and friend. all proceeds will go directly to ____'s daughters to assist them in this difficult time. we thank you for your patience regarding this shock loss. most people have been curious by the cans and read it, then talked to us about it and/or donated anything they could. i almost cried when an elderly lady pulled out a $50 bill and handed it to me to put in the can. today a middle-aged couple offered carpentry work. then i started serving a guy with his girlfriend. ignored me when i greeted them. he took one glance at the can and laughed at it, saying "look, they want more money from us!" before i could say anything, he continues, "don't they get enough money or something? sheesh. i bet it goes straight to their pockets. does it?" &gt;me: no, i- &gt;guy: oh? *-turns to gf-* yeah, right. &gt;me: it's goi- &gt;guy: going to your pocket? is it a tip jar?? &gt;me: no, tips are illegal. &gt;guy: so it is going to [company]! you're feeding their greed! &gt;gf: *-reads the can, gets a horrified look-* i'm pissed. really pissed. i may have overstepped a line, but at this point i didn't care. dude was being insensitive, her death is still a very raw pain in the store. coworkers are still crying and tormented. if he had bothered to read the tag on the can he'd know. so i shoved his own foot in his big mouth. &gt;me: *-picks up can-* it's for our coworker, who died last weekend. we're sending all donations to her daughters to give some financial assistance. [company] is getting none of this, nor am i. the sausage sizzle, raffle, and cans are all for her daughters. his face went from a smirk to total dejection, and i finished serving in total silence. didn't say their total, didn't ask if they wanted cash back, didn't bid them good day. tl;dr: customer accuses me and store of greed-driven donations. donations are for dead coworker's grieving family.i run a small photolab for an independent pharmacy. it's a sweet job: both challenging and satisfying, and the customers are generally very nice and grateful. so a couple weeks ago this young lady stops by, clearly upset. apparently she went to a certain national electronics store for passport photos. she ended up buying two sets from them. in the first set she didn't like how they looked but they wouldn't provide a free re-shoot (which i'll gladly do), so she pays for it. the 2nd time she was satisfied with how she looked, but the passport lady at the post office said they would be rejected by the feds for several reasons. she went in to get a refund and they said... “oh, she's just being picky. we won't give you a refund for this.” how dumb is that? her job is ensuring that passports are accepted by the feds. of course she'll maintain high standards, that's her fucking job. plus i saw the photos in question; i can't believe they would let those photos go out the door. so that's $30 bucks she's not getting back for a service that was never properly rendered. ended up taking her passport photo and giving it to her for free, cause that's ridiculous. she ended up writing a great review for the lab online. i hope the other guys continue to do the same work, cause i love taking their business. edit: formatting edit #2: ahhhhhh! i drank some beer and went into deep-stasis, only to wake up to lovely comments and delicious karma! thanks for making my day guys! imma try to answer some of these questions now. edit #3: here is what my brother said in regards to the what happened to the guy who got a refund in pennies. "yes he did. it was 75,000 pennies, 56 pounds of them. (guy who got refund) rolled them and took them to the bank. (captain of ship) and i tried to get him to give them to a friend to buy something from (national chain) and pay in pennies. (guy who got refund) is banned from the premise." i also know the refund wasn't rendered till a couple months later, so i have a feeling that guy-who-got-refund was pretty sick of it in the end.i work in a small video game store. had a family of three come in last night (mom, two kids). one of the kids was shopping, the other was sick to his stomach. he walked around the store, puked at least 8 different times all over the floor, and the mom did not even bat an eyelash. after puke #8, she took him out of the store to put him into the car, then came back in to shop with the other kid. she did not apologize, and then we had to close the entire store for a few hours while we cleaned up the nastiest little kid vomit in the world. psa to parents: i don't really care if your kid is sick, though i prefer that he isn't.... but if i'm going to spend three hours of my life cleaning up his bodily fluids, least you can do is act like you're sorry about it.now, i don't have the price of every item in the shop memorized - particularly ones that aren't bought very often. this man in particular wanted to check the price of a bottled drink. i reach out to scan it, of course, after hitting the 'price query' option on the register. &gt;me: sure, just let me scan it - he holds it out of reach. &gt;customer: no, no, i'm not buying it. i just want to know the price. &gt;me: i know, i just need to scan it to check - &gt;customer: i don't want to buy it! &gt;me: i know, but i need to scan it to get the price - &gt;customer: i just need to know how much it is! i'm not buying it! i sort of give up at this point. i just smile slightly at him. &gt;me: i know. &gt;customer: listen. i don't want to buy this. &gt;me: yes. &gt;customer: i just need to know how much it costs. &gt;me: yes. &gt;customer: then i'll decide if i want to buy it. &gt;me: yes. &gt;customer: i'm not going to buy it yet. &gt;me: yes. &gt;customer: so i just need the price. &gt;me: yes. the entire time i'm just smiling and nodding and agreeing. finally, he gets this look of realisation on his face. &gt;customer: ...you need to scan it to check the price. &gt;me: yeeeeep. thing is i'm pretty sure he had good intentions, since me having to void it out would only have hurt me (and honestly not much). i found it more funny than it was frustrating, but maaan. this story happened tonight, at the time it boiled my blood and pissed me off. now i just pity this guy so much. so i work at the front desk of a nice hotel, am a supervisor and am competent enough to be the manager on duty each of my shifts. so i am working tonight, the night isn't terribly difficult, training a new employee, high amount of guests checking in. an older gentleman comes to the front desk and asks for change for a $20. he specifies that he needs $18 in dollars and the remaining $2 in coins. i comply and he asks for the closest pay phone. i direct him to one in the lobby, and can tell this isn't going to end well. the gentleman comes back a minute later saying the pay phone did not work and he wants his money back. i tell him that directions are on the pay phone to request a refund and sadly we were not responsible for a refund since this a third party service. he asks me to come assist him with attempting to get his refund. i tell him to dial the refund line and to request a refund. this is where he loses his cool and begins to spout off that he is old and needs help. i calmly ask him to please calm down and to tell me the story. he says he deposited $1.50 made his call and the phone rang and went to voicemail. i tell him okay well did you record a message? he answers yes he did but the call wasn't picked up. i tell him well it was picked up by the voice mail service and i am sorry that he was not connected to a human being but got a voice mail service. this infuriates him and he starts yelling, i tell him okay i will navigate the menu prompts. i navigate the menu and finally get to the last stage of the menu where the phone company will review the issue, and if it is machine error they will mail a check for a whole $1.50 anywhere in the world. the guy loses his cool and yells that they will not send a check to china for him. i tell him that they said it will be mailed and to please record his name and mailing address. he goes bananas and says why can't he just get his refund? i tell him this is the way this company handles refunds and that we are not liable for refunds. now the pay phone message system shuts down and no message was recorded. the pay phone shuts down and will not be back up and running until a technician resets it and makes sure it is in working order. the guy loses it saying why is this so difficult. i tell him it is not difficult and to calm down. he goes off how the machine is in our hotel that we should bear some of the burden. i ask him okay our atm is in the building, if it dispenses you incorrect amounts are we liable for the machine? he says well no you aren't. i tell him exactly it is in our building but it is not our responsibility for a malfunction. i tell him sir, you left a voice mail, you wanted to talk your party but they did not pick up so please calm down. he pleads and begs for his money back. i ask him if he was going to starve without this $1.50? he says no. i ask him if this is his last $1.50? i ask him if this will ruin his finances? he answers no to every question. i open my wallet and retrieve two crisp dollar bills and tell him this won't ruin me either. i hand him the dollars and ask for the fifty cents. this guy looks like a ghost, i shove the $2.00 in his hands, hold my hand out and he drops the two quarters into my hand. i ask him if he is happy? he nods silently, i tell him great now please realize i will not be reimbursed for this $1.50 but this will not matter to me in a year, month, day or hour. so why let it get you down? why let it affect you to make you yell, act uncivil, or ruin your day? he says nothing at all. i tell him well you got your refund, the phone is locked out of service and you cannot use the phone at all so have a good night. he walks away realizing how big of an ass he was. all of this for $1.50. making one person realize how petty they were for $1.50 is priceless. update: so the guest who is still staying at the hotel came up to me last night and said one of the most gratifying things ever. "i am sorry i acted that way. it was petty to be angry over something so small. would you like your money back?" i told him don't worry about it, shook his hand and left it at that with a smile. maybe i changed his thinking that night. who knows?so i was working another night shift at a little sandwich shop inside of a gas station. i had been quiet for a while after the lunch rush was over when a young couple came in. i made their sandwiches without incident, they spent most of the time talking to each other instead of paying attention to the food, but thats pretty normal. i wrap everything up and start punching in the register. i give them their total and the girl tries to pay exact, giving me some bills and change. i count all of the money and she is fifty cents short. she opens her wallet again but it is empty. then she looks at my tip jar next to the register. working in a gas station with a tip jar we get exactly as much crap happening to it as youd expect. we never make much, maybe an extra five to ten bucks a night, but its a good pick me up. about once a week our less savory customers take out of it when we arent looking, but thats probably the worst. so when this girl locked eyes on the quarters in the bottom of my jar and tried to reach for them i was pretty mentally prepared to tell her that she cannot take from my tip jar, and give her the quarters. i usually use the spare change to help people who are legitimately short anyway. but then another hand came down and slapped hers out of the way. i look back up and her boyfriend is looking at her with shock. "bitch, this is a goddamn tip jar, not a change jar, show some respect." he looks back at me, thanks me, hands me two bucks, grabs the food, and walks away with his girlfriend in tow. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. **story:** we offer an unconditional no dud guarantee on everything we sell. basically, if it doesn't work, bring it back and we'll replace it or give you your money back. we occasionally have items returned, but it doesn't happen very often. the morning after nye, one of our regulars showed up for a return. he was moving pretty slow and was nursing an obvious hangover. he wanted to return our 16,000 firecracker roll because it was a dud. he was pretty bummed, since this was supposed to be the big midnight finale at his friends house. i was immediately confused, since i have no idea how 16,000 firecrackers could have all been bad. i told him we would take care of it and asked him if it had gotten wet. he told me that it just wouldn’t light, no matter how hard they tried, and it was in the back of his car if we wanted to check it out. now this particular roll is packaged to look like a giant firecracker, with a piece of rope coming out of the top to simulate a fuse, like [this]( at the base of the rope are pictures and written directions explaining how to unwrap the package to get to the real fuse. you can then roll it out, so the firecrackers go off individually, or light it as a bundle, with all 16,000 firecrackers going off in about a minute. to prove his point, he pulled out his phone to show my dad and i a video they had taken of him trying to light it. in the video, he was obviously **loaded**, and was stumbling around with a lighter trying to light **the piece of green rope**! i could hear people laughing in the background and egging him on, as they had filmed him trying to drunkenly light a piece of rope for 5 minutes. as we’re watching the video, i’m dying inside, and trying to think of a nice way to tell him what his mistake was. suddenly, he paused the video, slowly looked up at us and said, **cust:** that’s not really the fuse is it. **me:** (starting to chuckle) nope. **cust:** those bastards! **me:** (dying laughing now) look, i’ll give you your money back and give you another one for free if you’ll send me that video. i think he considered it for a second, but then he figured out that i was definitely going to post the video on my website. hell, i’d have given him triple his money back for a copy of that video. he quickly hit the delete button and shook his head no. i tried to give him his money back, but he wouldn’t accept it. he asked us to check out the firecracker roll in his car to make sure it was still good, and my dad walked out to check on it with him. my dad was laughing when he walked back into the tent, and let me in on the joke. after my dad had peeled back the paper and showed the guy where the real fuse was, the guy thanked my dad and casually mentioned his plans. he was now on his way to buy a big metal garbage can, and then planned to stop by his friend’s house to say good morning.this one just happened. on mobile/forgive formatting. so i'm waiting in line at my favorite coffee place for my daily dose of caffeine. it's semi-busy at this time of morning, when the brekkie rush is just ending. so i'm the last person in a fairly short line. refill guy comes up, bypasses the line, and demands the cashier still helping another customer refill his tiny little coffee. cashier tells him that store policy is that he can't cut the line, he needs to wait like everyone else, and to please return to the end of the line. refill guy gets really angry at this point, starts yelling that he has never had to wait before (ever!), and that this isn't their corporate policy. cashier explains (very patiently) that they are privately owned, and that the owner prefers that everyone go through the line to make things fair for all customers. refill guy reluctantly takes his place in line (behind me) grumbling about how unfair it is, how he's going to demand a manager (who was actually standing behind cashier filling orders when she told the customer to wait in line in the first place), and so on, getting himself really worked up in the short wait in line. it looked like it took a lot of the wind out of his sails when he finally got his turn to get his precious refill and ended up at the same cashier. who politely served him as though he hadn't been a complete a$$ a few seconds ago. silently took his refill and slunk back into the table area to nurse his ire.at the pet store for returns over $25 without a receipt, you need to show id(drivers licences, state id, passport, military and even foreign ids are all ok). their name and address are put into the system to keep an eye out for fraud. you can guess how this went over. me: ok, and because you don't have a receipt and the return is $50 i'll need to see your id. customer: just do the damn return! me: i cant, even managers cant over ride the system. customer: i don't have one, drivers licences are a government conspiracy!! me: *picks up phone* customer:wha...what are you doing !? me:calling the police, i saw you drive in here and you just told me you don't have a drivers license. customer: wait! i have one, i have one! *pulls out license* me:*finishes return*thank you and have a nice day.a short one for you guys! this happened last year. i was working customer service and a woman who looked like bea arthur comes up for an exchange. &gt; me (pointing to my register): okay, ma'am, i'll grab you down there. she looks me dead in the eye and says, &gt; you'd better not grab me down there. i stare at her. she stares at me. i stare back at her. she stares back at me. we bust out laughing. funniest thirty seconds of my life. edit: autocorrect edit: i don't know who gave me gold. but i will find him. and i will thank him. because he's the hero tfr deserves, but not the one it needs right now. so we'll hunt him. because he can take it. because he's not our hero. he's a silent lurker, a watchful gilder. a cool redditor.original post: i got a phone call this afternoon around 1 of the clock from my account manager, telling me that i needed to report to the district office immediately. so, i rolled out of bed, showered, shaved, put clothes on, and drove off into the city. i was greeted at the secretary's desk by the manager and told to follow him into the district manager's (dm from here on) office, where dm was waiting for me with a stack of paperwork. *fuck my life, i bet this is gent's doing,* i thought to myself. i stuck out my hand to shake dm's hand, and he rather rudely refused, barking at me to sit down. i bit my tongue and complied. "i'm going to get straight to the point, keiblerclown: we received two seperate phone calls from members at coastal yacht club about an incident several nights ago in which you were reported as being rude, obnoxious, and confrontational to a mr. gent. this type of behavior violates global security company's code of conduct and we have zero tolerance for it. do you have anything to say in your defense before you receive your disciplinary hearing?" my jaw bounced off dm's desk on it's way to the floor; this couldn't be fucking happening. i wiped the sudden sweat from my brow, and said, "i did have an encounter with a mr. gent several nights ago, but it didn't happen the way you just described it. *mr. gent* was the rude, obnoxious, and confrontational one. i'd go as far as to say he was entirely belligerent. and i have no clue who this second person is supposed to be, because mr. gent was alone during our...encounter." "well, keiblerclown, that's a nice story, but it's your word against two." "actually, i do have a witness who will corroborate that mr. gent was both alone, and belligerent. her name is -" "don't lie to me. i know damn well you work alone on an overnight shift." "it was st. patrick's day and the club was hosting a party later than they normally close. i placed a phone call from my office to the business office, and spoke to barbara, the event manager, who *heard* mr. gent go off on a diatribe. i'm fairly certain that she can verify whether or not he was alone or not as well. actually, mr. gent would have been seen on camera coming to and leaving my office. they can check the footage!" dm was silent for a moment, before asking my manager to sit in and watch me (what the actual fuck?!) while he stepped out to make some phone calls. roughly 30 minutes pass in terribly awkward silence before dm comes back in and immediately apologizes for the misunderstanding. apparently, barbara had not only corroborated my story, but several other employees throughout that night had reported gent's jackassery. he had actually been with a guest, (the same, in fact, who had made the second complaint against me) but that guest had left roughly an hour before my shift had even started. the best part is that the general manager at the yacht club will begin processing the paperwork to revoke gent's membership, and will be forwarding it to every other club they are affiliated with. justice!! the grouchy bastard damn near had me, but it was my helpful phone call to barbara that saved my ass in the end. i need to buy her dinner or something, holy shucking fit! tl;dr: gent attempts to fuck me over, ends up fucking himself over even harder. edit: i should proof read before posting.thank you for shopping at hypermarket. kindly go die in a fire. all my fellow retail workers know the glorious feeling that accompanies a jackass customer being slapped down. whether you yourself get to deliver the coup de grace to their ego or you merely watch someone else do it, there are few things quite as satisfying as bearing witness to a righteous verbal smackdown against an odious customer. come, step aboard the wayback machine, and i will take you back to such an event, in the far-off days of 2008. it was an average day in my little kingdom of u-scan, until royal jerkface called me over for help. he had a coupon, and it wasn't scanning. (the following conversation is an approximation of what i can remember, since this happened almost six years ago. his final line, though, is 100% accurate, as is what follows that.) **me**: "oh, well, these machines don't actually scan the coupons, sir. i have to do that for you." **rj**: "well that's fucking stupid." **me**: *internal sigh* "just let me take that coupon for you, sir, and i'll get this taken care of." he handed me the coupon, and i felt myself die a little inside. it was expired by over a month. **me**: "i'm terribly sorry, sir, but this coupon is expired. i'm afraid i can't take it." **rj**: "what? that's bullshit! i've used these coupons here before!" **me**: "yes, but this one is expired. it's no good anymore." **rj**: "whatever. just give me my money off." **me**: "i'm sorry, but i can't." **rj**: "yes, you can! you have to!" **me**: "no, sir, i really can't. company policy does not allow us to accept expired coupons." **rj**: "this is crap! i know you can take this! it's your job! do your job, and do it *right*, you vapid c*nt!" i was stunned. nobody have ever actually called me such a thing before, and to have that particularly vile word hurled at me over *a fifty-cent coupon* caught me so off-guard that my mind went completely blank. i could think of no way to respond. fortunately, i didn't have to. during my exchange with royal jerkface, i hadn't noticed the customer that sidled up to the next machine, waiting for me to finish up with jerkface. it was my big brother. my big brother is not my "big" brother just because he's older than me. he is 6'2", has broad shoulders, and at that time had just come home from a summer spent working as a wildland firefighter, so he was in quite good shape. he's also somewhat comically protective of me. before the snap of the "t" at the end of the offending word had finished echoing off the u-scan machines, my brother had closed the distance between himself and rj. he clamped a hand down on rj's shoulder, spun him around, leaned down to rj's eye level (rj was significantly shorter than him), and snarled "what did you just say to *my little sister*?" rj went white. his face *had* been the scarlet of a person so angry you fear (or hope) they may burst an important vessel somewhere, but one look into my brother's eyes and the color just drained out of him. he stood for a moment, staring at my brother in abject fear, his mouth opening and closing but producing no sound...and then he turned and sprinted out of the store. at that point, i laughed so hard that i cried. it was glorious, it was the most perfect thing i had ever seen. and as a bonus, neither hide nor hair of rj was ever seen in the store again. **tl;dr - do not taunt happy fun brother.**this actually happened over the course of two weeks, but anyway.... the shop i work in has, among other things, a selection of furniture. now we don't have a huge amount of space so we often have to order things, and especially for the largest items. it also means that customers can have things home-delivered (if they buy in store, we have no delivery service so they have to transport items themselves). two weeks or so ago an elderly lady came in and asked about furniture. we didn't have the item in stock so i suggested that she could place an order online. i asked her if she'd like it if we did via the stores order system or whether she'd like to set up an online account. it went something like this: &gt;**me**: ok, we can do this two ways. i can put the order through our internal system, or you can create your own account here now so you can order things at home yourself. &gt;**computer lady**: oh, i'm a bit unsure about computers.... &gt;**me**: don't worry, it's very easy to do. in fact, we can both sit at the computer and i'll guide you through the whole thing. i'm really good with computers myself, so i can assure you that nothing will go wrong! plus if you can do this, you can do any shopping online, they're all pretty similar. she seemed happy with this so off we went to the back room where the customer computer was. now what i did in this case was rather than doing all the inputting myself, i got this lady to do it herself, with me explaining everything to her in a sort of eli5 way. it took a few minutes to create an account and then i showed her how to place and pay for an order, before printing the confirmation and writing it in the order book. she then went off pleased with everything. skip forward to today and said lady came in again, doing more shopping. she came to my till and obviously recognised me, and said: &gt;lady: oh, you showed me about shopping online. you know, after you'd explained it to me like you did, i went home and gave it a shot, and you were right, it was easy! my granddaughter thinks i'm great because i bought her birthday present online and i even managed to work out how to send it straight to her house. so yes, i introduced an elderly customer to online shopping and made her day. **hijabedit: thank you for the gold!**so this just happened 40 mins ago, and i still don't know what went through that lady's head. i work in a stall in the middle of a hallway in a mall, so we have no gate and no external signs of being closed, but for the fact that all the lights are off, a sign that explicitly states we are closed and our opening hours, and that all the other stores around are obviously closed. we open at 9 on saturdays. now, when i got to my stall this morning it was around 8:35. largely enough time for me to turn on the registers and do everything i needed to do for the stall to open at 9. a lady was sitting on the bench in front of the stall, tapping her foot. i didn't worry about her, since a lot of people sit there waiting for the bigger stores around us to open. however, as soon as i entered my stall, she jumped up and came to me. "excuse me? miss? you're late!" i knew i wasn't, but i still looked at my watch. 8:35. "i'm sorry ma'am, but we don't open until 9 - " "no! you're late!" still half-asleep, i somehow wondered if she was right. i checked my watch again. 8:37. ok, at least i knew i wasn't crazy. "i'm sorry ma'am, but as i told you we open at 9. i would be happy to help you then - " "this is unacceptable! you are late and you won't even admit it?" "as you can see ma'am, it is only 8:37," i showed her my watch, but it did nothing to cool the fury of this righteous customer lady. "but you're late! you have to be there when i arrive! you have to open right away when i arrive!" i could only stare at her. it was way too early in the morning to explain basic rules of retail to a lady well in her fourties. she embarked upon the usual rant of 'this is horrible customer service! i'll never come back here!' etc., etc., before finally leaving. it is now 9:15, and i'm not sure if she will come back today. edit: it is currently 15:31, and she has just left the stall. no, she did not actually buy whatever it was she wanted to buy this morning, but only wanted to tell me how much of a terrible person i am, and how i shouldn't be 'allowed to work'. i can't say i expected much more.i went to visit my dad today. he wanted me to bring my dog so he could hang out with her for a couple of hours while i got my hair done and ran a couple of errands. when i got back, he asked me if i remember telling him about how crappy my day was at work at my old job, and i would sometimes get a tip from a customer which would cheer me up. &gt;me: sure, i remember. &gt;dad: i think you'll be proud of me. i went to get lunch at [chicken place he goes to often] and there was a new girl working the front. the people in front of me had a really big order and they were making the order really confusing for her. she asked her coworkers for help, but they ignored her or told her she's gotta be able to figure it out on her own. she kinda reminded me of you when you were younger, and she looked like she was about to cry. she ended up getting the order for them done, and when it was my turn, i told her she did a good job getting my meal for me, and i tipped her $5. &gt;me: oh, cool! yeah that was really nice of you, could you tell it brightened her day? &gt;dad: yeah, she was really surprised! it made my cold retail heart a little less icy today. it'll be back tomorrow, i already got two emails about a customer with a cluster of an issue to fix. just thought i'd share!been working as a shift manager at a retail store for about a year now. recently moved across the country and transferred stores, this happened a couple weeks into my time at the new store. a young girl, probably 12-13 comes in with her mother, she says she left her wallet in the bathroom and asks if any have been turned in. i tell her nothing has been turned in but i take her phone number so that if it shows up i can give her a call. she and her mom search around the store for it to no avail, then a fellow shopper suggests they look in the trash for it. they come to me and ask me to look for it in the trash can outside, not my favorite task in the world but she seems pretty upset so i get some gloves and start digging. what do you know i actually find the wallet! very pleased with myself i bring it to her, but she opens it up and all her money is gone (i mean it was in the trash obviously someone else found it first). this is where it got weird. &gt;her: there was like $40 in here though! &gt;me: yea i'm sorry to hear that i wish i could help more &gt;her: well can i at least get my money back? &gt;me: ...no...we didn't lose your wallet, you did &gt;her mom: but she forgot it at your store! &gt;me: unfortunately there is nothing i can do, i can't give you money because your daughter lost track of her own money &gt;her mom: well that is ridiculous! we are going to call corporate on you! somebody is responsible for this! &gt;me: i agree, your daughter is responsible for this. &gt;her mom: you will be hearing from us! then they stormed out of the store, never to be seen or heard from again.this happened a few years ago while i was working in the electronics department at a big box retailer. this guy and his girlfriend (both around 18-19 years old) comes up to me and say they want to buy a few things, including a 50+ inch tv, and were wondering if we took checks. the dude straight up hands me his checkbook, and without even needing to put a detective hat on i could tell it was stolen. both the routing number and account number were lazily altered with a pen, and they had crossed off the persons address at the top. i was not much older than either of them, so my first thought is they are trying to get me to go along with their scheme. being that i don't know these people and have zero reason to help them with crime, i decide to play along. i let them know that we absolutely take checks as long as one of them has a valid id. i excuse myself to the back explaining that i need to see if we have the tv they wanted in stock and they should have a look around to see if there was anything else they wanted to buy while i checked. at the time i had zero sympathy for these people. they were both dressed like their families were well-off (this store was in one of the more wealthy suburbs), and the whole thing seemed like they felt so entitled they were just going to steal from someone to get whatever they wanted. i head to the back and immediately call an assistant manager and let them know what's going on. he says try and stall them for a few minutes, get them everything they want, and when they are ready to check out make some excuse about needing to bring them up to the front registers. i bring the tv out on a cart and find they have decided i seem cool and was going to let them use a stolen check, so they now want a load of random crap (dvd's, surround system, etc.). i spend something like 30 minutes with them going over the differences in all the console gaming systems, have them look at laptops, cameras, and all kinds of other junk. they are excited by all the stuff they are going to buy, and after filling a shopping cart they are ready to check out. we get to the front check out and the assistant manager has put on a cashier's vest and is waiting at a closed check out line for us. i steer us to his line and he starts ringing everybody up. he gets to the total (which i think was somewhere in the $7,500+ range), they write a check, and he asks for id. the girlfriend hands over a license with a 50 year old woman's picture on it, but with the same name as on the check. without missing a beat the assistant waives over three police officers who were standing at the entrance waiting for these two kids and arrest them. they were planning on grabbing them either way since they were reported as being in possession of stolen checks. because of these two i spent the rest of the evening writing up a detailed itemization of everything they were trying to purchase for the police report. i never found out what happened to them but i assume they were charged with a crime of some kind. they didn't seem to realize what was going on when i had someone else check them out, and were totally blindsided when the police came up to arrest them. i know i could have probably just told them we can't accept their check when they first came up to me, or maybe had a little chat with them about not committing crimes. thinking back, though, even if i declined their attempt to use a fraudulent check they would have probably just tried the same thing somewhere else - and who knows whether this was actually the first time they tried it. i do feel a little bad helping them dig their own hole. but at the end of the day i just don't think it's cool to go up to a stranger at their job and expect them to help you with crime, it's pretty fucking rude. i was working a solo shift at the convenience store and a regular stopped in. we chatted for a few minutes and she asked for some items (gatorade, water, sandwich and 2 bananas) to be put in a separate bag, which i soon found out was for one of the homeless people that regularly hung around the store. after the customer left and gave the guy the bag, he waited until she left and came into the store. this exchange ensued: &gt; me: may i help you? &gt; him: *in a sincere tone* yes, the woman that just left gave me this bag of items and i would like to return them. &gt; me: are there any issues with what you received? *i’m thinking along the lines of different flavors of gatorade or another type of sandwich* &gt; him: yes, i want to return them for the cash so i can get beer instead. *at this i cocked my head to the side and pretended to think about it* &gt; me: no, i can’t refund the money to you because you didn't originally purchase these items. &gt; him: i’m being honest, doesn’t that count for something? &gt; me: not in this case, because she bought these so you can have them, not for you to turn back in for cash. *he leaves in an angry huff and tosses the bag against the window as he departs* *i go outside to retrieve the bag and give it to one of the other homeless regulars that came in later that day that was appreciative for the sustenance* tldr: homeless person wants to return food items purchased by another customer so he can have cash for booze. edit: just got home from work and reading through the thread. thank you kind stranger for my first gilded post! 10am on a saturday. customer approaching my till (c): rough night last night? me: nope, i was actually here last night and had a quiet night in. c: you look so hungover. me (trying to not take it personally as a female who has to wear minimal make up to work): haha, i wasn't out or anything, that's strange. -i finish the transaction and he picks up his bags- c: anyway, i hope you feel better later and can clean yourself up a bit. not the best thing for a customer to shout at you in a busy store when your floor manager is close by. thanks, you horrible human. i work in a deli inside a supermarket, and it's not uncommon for customers to call ahead to place an order on sandwiches, especially if it's a large order (unfortunately, it's less common than people just strolling in and asking for the order to be made in front of them on no notice, but that's another story). i had just gotten to work at 11 am as my coworker left for lunch. my manager went to the back freezer, so i was alone for a bit. up comes this lady in scrubs, who greets me politely enough. &gt;woman: "hello, i'm here to pick up an order for 12 sandwiches." &gt;me: "okay, one second, let me find that for you." nobody told me about this order, and it could be hiding in one of several places. i check the sandwich bar--not there. not weird considering the amount. i check the quick-chill fridge--not there either. hmm. i check the walk-in fridge--nope. uh oh. where the hell are all these sandwiches?? i start freaking out. i've been yelled at by customers who haven't had their orders ready, i'm sure you have too. it's not fun. i'm not really in the mood for a good ol' screamfest. i apologize to the woman and tell her i'll call my manager, surely she'll know where they are! i go to call over the intercom for my manager to come back to the deli, and as i'm picking up the phone, the woman starts laughing. like, cracking up. luckily for me, i paused and let her speak before i make the call. &gt;"i'm just messing with you. there's no sandwiches. you just looked like you would fall for that." i hang up the phone, completely stunned, nerves still racing from the fear of being screamed at. who the hell thinks that's funny? in what way is that funny?? what kind of maniac are you to get me all worked up and worried about that??? what tipped you off that i would "fall for that:" the fact that i'm fucking working and that's my fucking job???? of course, i didn't scream that in her face, as much as i wanted to. i just asked her: &gt;me: "can. i. get. you. anything?" &gt;woman: "no thanks. you don't hold grudges, do you?" i have plenty of horrible stories, but i figured i'd start my first post with a positive one. warning: if you for some reason hate kids and everything they do, even nice/cute ones, you probably won't enjoy this story. at my shoe store we have tablets where we can check people out, look at our website, order shoes for them, etc. usually there are one or two associates on the floor with those tablets, helping people out with those things. on this day, i was working in women's with the tablet. a women and her two kids, a boy about aged 6-7 and a girl aged 4-5, enter our store from the elevator. the first thing i noticed were that the kids were on scooters. which was actually pretty cute. they just cruised slowly behind their mom, and weren't causing any trouble. i went over to ask the mother if she needed any help, and it turns out the family was english and had accents (which as an american is always unnecessarily exciting for me). the kids also had accents, which was adorable. i'm helping out the mother and using the tablet to look something up for her. as i'm doing this, the boy comes over and tries to see what i'm doing. i bent down to show him what i was doing, and talked through it. he watched with way more fascination than i would ever expect (it's really not an interesting process) and politely waited for me to finish what i was doing. after i let the mom know about her shoes, the boy asks if he can see the tablet again and i show him the screen while i'm still holding it. the conversation went as follows, the words aren't exact, but the content is the same. i will be me and the kid will be b. reminder, this kid has a posh little english accent. &gt;b: how go i get out of this? (referring to the program i was using to look up shoes) &gt;me: (exits program) like this. &gt;b: where are your games? &gt;me: i'm sorry bud, but i don't have any games on here. he looks at me with genuine concern, like he seemed really worried for me. &gt;b: they don't let you have games?! what do you do?! &gt;me: i have to work and help people. my boss wouldn't like it if i was playing games all day. &gt;b: what about toys? &gt;me: no, i don't get any toys either. &gt;b: (he touches my arm like a parent would to a child) i'm so sorry. at this point the mom was finished shopping and started taking the kids to leave. as they're getting ready to leave the boy says to me "i hope they let you have some fun." this interaction really made my day. i've had kids before try and play games on my tablet, but i'd never had any of them feel bad for me when i told them i don't have any. it was hilarious and adorable.my now previous employer has gone through some unfortunately timed bullshit in the last 2 weeks. basic mall retail store set up, 1 store manager, 1 ft assistant manager (me), 2 keyholders, and a handful of sales associates. 2 of our 4 sas can only work after 6 on weekdays and on weekends. one can only work weekends. the new girl we hired can work whenever but doesn't have her own car so has to clear her schedule with her ride. pain in the ass, but doable. the end of last month keyholder #2 and i had to have several conversations about things like falsifying documents, doing her job, and how altering bank records is a big deal. because she got reprimanded she put in notice saying she'd be leaving on the 14th. the next day she changed it to the 7th, giving us 6 days notice. she called off her last shift. whatever, we can run on a 3 member management for a while till we find a replacement. keyholder #1 then had a whole slew of issues and is currently in the hospital for unknown reasons, and for an unknown length of time. okay. this is now harder, but sm and i got this. we'll get some other stores to cover 2 shifts a week so we both have one day off a week. i get a really awesome applicant for keyholder #2's open position, and show her where on the website to apply, since our website makes zero sense for the application and want to get her in our store. when i bring up the page i see the sm position listed. now about a month ago our old sm was fired in the most underhanded shitty way so i immediately call my sm to let her know in case something shady is going on. i text her a picture of the listing like she asks, and go on my half. she calls to let me know she is leaving, they've known for a few weeks, but "didn't want to tell me until they found a replacement so i wouldn't freak out". seeing as the job is still listed, and she starts her new job this week, i am doing exactly that. all doubles in a row with no relief for the foreseeable future? not one manager in another store willing to help us out? no coverage for beaks monday through friday? stress level 1000. so my dm and rm get told i found out what's going on and both come out the following morning for damage control. this was yesterday. neither understood why i was stressed or upset with them. they offered the solution of walking around the mall at 10 am on a tuesday to staff my fucking store. right. i've been looking for other work here and there as i don't really click with this company and want something i like better. the hubster and i discussed me quitting without something lined up because they were forcing me to work 2 doubles this weekend because sm is taking a fucking vacation this weekend with all this shit going on. so i figure fuck it. i'm done. i'm gonna work out my shift and hand in my keys. then sm shows up for her shift. she doesn't understand why i'm stressed, tells me it'll all be easy, then asks me to follow her to her new store. because any sane and logical person is gonna follow the person screwing them to a new place to get screwed. sure. logics. she asks if i want to go on break and i just snap. i punch out, go in the back, write "i quit." on a piece of paper, and place my store keys on it. i grab my bag, let her do a bag check, say "see you later" and walk straight to my car and drive home. i was happily in my pajamas, snuggling my cats and drinking some ciders before the phone calls started. i almost wish i had answered them, but none of these things were my problem any longer so i didn't want to listen to the squawking cries of these idiot women telling me i "have to come back and help out". it has never felt so good to quit a job before. so awhile back my friend use to be a manager at our local movie theater military personnel either with id or in uniform would get a discount off their ticket price. i came up to get my tickets and shoot the shit with her before the movie started when this tall guy comes wearing an army uniform and beret. at first glance nothing seemed out of the ordinary until i looked a little closer: as former us army i know a lot of unit patches....especially when when it's someone from my same special forces unit. well this guy had a red beret on (worn in place of a regular cover for airborne/support soldiers in sf groups) but he was wearing a special forces tab, no airborne tab and upside down unit patches on left and right sides (uhhh what?) obviously set off all the red flags so i decided to have a little fun: me: hey man, what sf group are you attached to? him: excuse me, what are you talking about? me: what special forces group are you with? him: oh! i'm with 10th sf group, out in colorado. been out there for a few years now. (there actually is a 10th group in co, i know this for fact because i was attached to them right out of ait) me:man, i haven't been back to colorado in years, who is the new colonel over there now? him: oh, shit i can't remember his name for the life of me. me: you can't remember the only "full bird" colonel in your unit, why do you even have that get up on? him: hey you better show me goddamn respect! do you know how hard it is to do what i do? me: and what is it that you do exactly? put on fake army uniforms and go to places to get discounts of other people's blood sweat and tears and the ignorance of the business that you're duping? him: (literally yelling at me now in the lobby, starting to draw a crowd)what would you even know about it, you play some call of duty and watch some movies and think you know everything about the army all of a sudden?! me: okay, i don't know what you hoped to accomplish by yelling at me like a psycho but for someone with fake credentials i guess i can see why you are being so damn defensive i guess. him: there you go again calling me fake, wtf is wrong with you?! random stranger: umm sir? you unit patches are on upside down (walks away) he is now completely red in the face and he turns to my friend the manager and has the balls to say: him: i just came up here to get my movie tickets because the guy out there wouldn't give me my military discount. manager: that's no problem, just let me see your military id and i can print them out for you here. him: i'm here in uniform, why would i need to show you my army id as well?! manager: probably because you have all but come out and say that you are playing dress up to try and save a few bucks. he does the walk of shame out the lobby, very satisfying. hope you all enjoyed the read. tl:dr - guy puts on army uniform with upside down unit patches, gets called out and gets no discounted movie tickets. edit- home now and put spaces in to make it easier to read, sorry for the squish.another fun tale from the on campus grocery store/ pizza place. **cast**: me and college bro (cb) cb comes up with a few groceries. &gt;me: anything else for you today? &gt;cb: do you have any more magnums? *it should be noted that condoms are kept behind the counter along with most otc meds and small items that were prone to being stolen* i automatically turn around and grab the magnum condoms off their hook and scan them &gt;me: can i get you anything else? cb started turning bright red. &gt;cb: i um, kinda, meant the ice cream bar… there was a solid few minutes of awkwardness &gt;me: we are out actually.. anything else tonight? &gt;cb: no. i bagged up his groceries as quickly as possible as we both avoided making any kind of eye contact. first post on tfr! during my summer between high school and college i worked at a campground just outside of a major city. at our campground we would give each customer a map of our lots, with a comment section on the side that they could fill out if they wished. we had a sign inside our check in hut/mini-store encouraging customers to fill out said section. above it was posted pictures of our four employees with their names beside them. one afternoon a lady comes into our store holding what looks to be our map. we'll call her comment lady (cl). she notices the sign about the comment card, pulls out a pen, and begins writing. after a minute she comes up to me. &gt;cl: yes, i was filling out your comment card, but i don't remember the name of the employee who i talked to. &gt;me: we have pictures of our employees here, above the sign, and their names are to the right of the photo. &gt;cl: that can't be right, i didn't talk to any of these people. &gt;me: i'm sorry ma'am, but these are the only four employees who work here. &gt;cl: but i didn't talk to any of them! none of these people look like the person i talked to! &gt;me: do you remember what day of the week you talked to this employee? i could look up on the schedule who was working that day. &gt;cl: i don't remember! this week sometime! i think it was a guy with black hair. &gt;me: i'm sorry, but all of our employees are female. &gt;cl: you're f---- useless! she storms off to the other side of the store (aka four steps away, its a small store), and stares angrily at her map for a while. she leaves, only to come back a few minutes later. &gt;cl: where's your main firepit? i don't see it, do you take it away during the day? &gt;me: main firepit? ma'am, this campground is fire-free. we don't allow any fire at all on our grounds. &gt;cl: don't lie to me! i roasted marshmallows at it last night! i know you have one! &gt;me: no ma'am, we don't. &gt;cl: youre useless! this campground is f----- useless and you're f----- lying to me! as she continues to rant, a switch clicks in my brain. my family had stayed at a campground on the other side of the city a few years ago, and i remembered them having a large firepit in front of their main store. but that campground was on the other side of the city, a 45 minute drive away. there was no way this lady could have thought we were that campground...right? &gt;me: ma'am, i think i might be able to help you...but first, can i see your campground map, please? &gt;cl: what? fine! she tosses the map to me. first thing i see, on the top of the map, is the logo for [other campground]. a campground with a totally different name than ours, owned by a totally different company, located literally on the other side of the city. &gt;me: ma'am, i'm sorry to say this, but you're at the wrong campground. &gt;cl: what?! that's impossible! &gt;me: sorry ma'am, but we're [our campground name]. this map is for [other campground], which does have a fire pit. they probably also have male employees, which would explain why you didn't see the employee you spoke to on our list. &gt;cl: what the f---? then where the f--- am i supposed to go? &gt;me: i can print you off a map with driving instructions if you like, or give you their address if you have a gps. &gt;cl: give me a f---- map. i print one off from google maps and had it to her. &gt;cl: what the f---! this is 45 f---- minutes away! &gt;me: i'm sorry ma'am, i don't know what to say. &gt;cl: f--- you and your stupid f---- s---- campground! you're going to pay for this! cl storms out of our store, but not before shoving over a rack of chips, causing some of them to burst open on the ground, and slamming the door so hard it shatters the glass in the window, and causes the security camera above it to wobble. as i walk over to inspect the damage, i notice she had dropped the other campgrounds map...which had her filled-out comment card...on which she had written full name and phone number. i look at the card, at the window, and at the security camera, and whisper, &gt;me: and you're going to pay for all this, b---h. **tl;dr:** know your right from your left. **edit 03/14 1pm:** holy f---! i didn't expect this to blow up so much! thank you guys for over 1300 upvotes, and for all your amusing comments and stories! you guys are da real mvps!i just posted a couple days ago on here, but this happened yesterday and i felt like it needed to be shared. customer:c me:me coworker-cw a customer comes up to my register: c- "hi, this item has no tag on it." me- "no problem let me get a tag for you." (i call for a tag for the item over the intercom) (cw shows up at my register.) cw- "here's a $5.99 tag." c- "i'll do $3.00" cw- "this isn't a yardsale, we don't bargain here" my coworker walks away. the customer didn't buy the item. later that day i applauded her for best comeback ever.i worked at a grocery store at a full service meat counter - this means if you wanted any type of meat (steaks, chicken, fish, etc - not deli meats) you had to get it from me behind a counter. --- the kid started working in the meat department two years after i did. he was a terrible employee right off the bat, slacking off and messing around with the other part timers his age on his first day. sometimes when it was a slow evening, we in the meat department would take food that would be going bad the next day and cook it using the hot plates on our plastic wrapping stations. the kid found out about this and started spending most of each shift cooking food that had just been made, creating feasts for himself each day he worked. he stole from the meat cooler before he would leave his shift. he would pull what he called "heists", where he would cram as many cuts of meat as possible into a paper bag, place it just outside the loading bay door before he left, and then just drive to the back of the building to pick up his prize. he had cookouts with the other delinquent kids with his obsconded beef. store manager *hated* the kid with a passion, but wanted to find a valid reason to fire him so there was no way he could come back. this happened his second week on the job. he was still learning the ropes on how to do things when the woman came in. we knew who she was - she was the mother of a kid in produce who frequented the shop all the time. she held a personal grudge against the kid's family, though i'm not sure why. she ordered 20 teriyaki marinated beef sticks, which the kid obliged to. however, instead of placing them in a tin container, he wrapped them up in the deli paper we wrapped plain unmarinated meats in. needless to say, she wasn't happy when the teriyaki sauce leaked through to her car floor. so store manager finally got to bring the kid into the front office and fire him, like he always wanted. the kid went home before he could start working his next shift. --- a month later, the meat department was paged with a phone call. upon answering, it was the kid asking for his job back. i handed the phone off to meat manager, who told the kid that in order to get his job back, he would need to get approval from store manager, something that was highly unlikely. so the kid did the only thing he could think of: he called the store every day. not asking for his job back, but asking for "hours in the meat department." he called every day for about two and a half weeks, and always called when he knew store manager was out. when store manager finally got all of his messages, he got confused and mistook the kid as a college student coming back from a semester looking for hours. so he called the kid back and left a voicemail saying he would tell meat manager to put him on the schedule. --- as soon as the kid walked back in the store, all of his old habits came with him. the slacking off, the heists, the feasts all came back full force. the feasts ended quickly, however, when he was caught by the deli manager who promptly informed meat manager. i was told to cut the wires inside every hot plate to stop them from working ever again, so nobody could make any food. the slacking off stayed the same, but the heists got worse. he didn't just take items from the meat department anymore - he began taking everything that wasn't nailed down in the store. this shed light to some of his worse habits, too - he began taking medicines from the shelves. this, however, would prove to be his downfall. the medicine aisle was one of three areas in the entire store with an acutal working camera. store manager wanted to catch the kid in the act before he could fire him again, but knew the kid only stole things after he left. so store manager snuck into his office one day and closed the door for an extended shift... watching the cameras closely, he waited for a sign of the kid to come down any aisle there was a camera in. sure enough, within 15 minutes of store manager's usual punch out he saw the kid slowly walking up and down the medicine aisle. he was acting so nonchalantly, nobody would have taken him for doing anything suspicious. then, with one swift movment, he swiped two boxes of nyquil off the shelves and into the pocket of his meat jacket. --- half an hour later, the kid returned to the meat department from his rounds of socializing with his friends in the bakery. he placed his meds on the chicken cutting table, and started snacking on some candy he had taken earlier. as he turned around to go out to the case, he found himself staring at store manager. &gt;store manager:"you pay for that nyquil?" &gt;the kid:"i was going to pay for it when i left work today, i have a cold, and, uh..." &gt;store manager:"you're stealing it. i saw you on the cameras." &gt;the kid:"oh...really? shit..." &gt;store manager:"get the f#$k out of my store. if i ever see you again on these grounds, i'll have you escorted out of here by police." the kid then went home and told me the whole story. why was i at his house? the kid is my younger brother.so this was from earlier in the summer in a beach town in new jersey. a big part of my job was selling beach chairs. this larger woman wearing a bikini and happens to look exactly like a 50 year old snookie walks into our store with a young man by her side. this guy was maybe 25 years old and i'm 90% sure they were a couple...or very very touchy family members. this lady walks up to one of the middle of the line chairs and yells, "oh hell no". i ask if she needs any help and she proceeds to yell at me because the chairs are too expensive. i explain to her the differences in each chair and why one costs more than the other. i tell her that my family has actually owned one from this company for 10 years (truth), and she proceeds to call me a liar. she then says, "get me that chair i want to try it." i grab the chair we were talking about and place it on the ground. she then snaps her fingers 3 times right in front of my face and yells that she wanted to try this other chair. after 15 minutes of trying chairs, more snapping, and being called “kid” numerous times, i finally convince her to buy the most expensive chair we have. she tries it out and completely wipes out when trying to get up...karma. she gets to the front counter and grabs a candy bar and quickly eats it. her credit card is denied and she tries to leave but the lady behind the counter made her come back in and pay for the candy bar. karma is a bitch…and so was this ladyso, i started working at a huge pharmacy chain this summer (us) as a part time job (teacher the rest of the year) and each day i keep a tally. this tally is split into three sections, the first is for people who ask me where i'm from (i'm english), the second is for people who like to play the guessing game "hey are you from australia/scotland/ireland/anywhere except england" or make some inane joke "hey am i in england all of a sudden haha", and the third... well, the third has a sad face. so this conversation happened the other day: me: welcome to x, do you have your store card? them: you're not from around here are you? me: no ma'am i'm from england them: i never really agreed with other people coming to the us if they weren't born here, are you here on a visa? (yes, i travelled 4000 miles to work in x because we don't have anything like that in third world england). me: no, actually i live around the corner, i've been here for about 6 years. them: i hope you did this legally, do you have your greencard on you? me (fed up at this point): actually you caught me, i just never bothered going home when my visa ran out and i'm laying low working at this store. them: really? that's disgraceful! you should be ashamed of yourself. me: *sigh* ma'am i am legally allowed to reside in the united states and i am married to a us citizen your total is [blah] them: ah so you married her for the greencard the me: ... have a nice day. seriously, just, seriously what. i get asked a question like this (not always so jc personal/aggressive about every day or so. where do i live, am i married, do i hate england, isn't the us so much better, aren't i glad that i don't live there any more? i swear they don't do this to my colleague who is also from another country (but is somalian), or the other who is mexican, but for some reason the englishman is fair game it seems. oh, or they want me to give them a history lesson or talk to them about the revolutionary war in the 30 seconds i'm supposed to be checking them out. i don't have a very high tolerance for customer bs as tbh i don't really need this job else i wouldn't have responded as i did. more stories of the englishman to come. we were having a nice busy evening, and were a bit spread thin with only two of us working. in walks the world's dumbest criminal. okay, she was pretty slick, she managed to get several items before slipping out the door with a "thankyougoodnight" before we even really noticed. the apron was a good idea on her part, as it concealed the items very well. she had scoped the cameras pretty well, too. she missed the reflection that wasn't hidden from the camera, but who wouldn't? the fact that it was an apron from her work, was a less good idea, since there are only two of those places in our smallish town. she is awaiting a court date. edit: missed a word. i used to work at a gas station that was family owned and operated. i was there for a year and the entire time the dress code was very lax. i wore jeans with holes and rips in them, short shorts, whatever. to top it off, it was in an extremely nice area near a lake and the 1% flocked to this place because it was the only convenience store nearest the lake for beer/soda/candy. one day i came to work in jeans that were about 5 years old. they were so worn out that they used to be tight jeans, but were baggy as hell and had rips on both knees. (yaaaay minimum wage) the regulars there were "quirky". one came in just like he does every day and grabs a 40 oz of busch. as he gets to the counter, i stop stocking sodas and meet him at the register. "hi, how are you tod--" "you are so stupid for buying those jeans like that." "i'm sorry... what?" "you have got to be kidding me! you are so dumb! *so* stupid!" "i didn't buy my jeans like this... i've had them for years and worn them a lot..." "no you didn't! you bought those jeans like that." at this point i'm getting angry. this rich bastard is insulting my intelligence because he's never seen what well worn clothes look like in his life. "no. i didn't. who the hell would buy jeans this jacked up?! the zipper is literally held together by a keyring!" he shakes his head. "designer jeans these days are so stupid. i can't believe you bought those like that." i was more confused than angry, even still, and a line had formed, so i gave him his change and ignored him as i served the next customer. he continued to *stand next to the register* for about 5 minutes, telling the influx of people how stupid i was for buying baggy, unflattering jeans with holes at the knees and pockets. most didn't care and ignored him, but after one of my favorite regulars shrugged and told him "looks like normal wear and tear to me!" he stomped out to his car and left. that was years ago and i'm still confused. a few years ago i worked at a local novelty shop as a sales person. we sold various pop culture related novelty items from tv shows, movies, anime. etc. the crowd that this store drew was very broad and attracted some very *interesting* characters. this story is about one of those characters, we will call him pac, and boy was this guy a character. it was a slow day at the store and i was tidying up the displays when in walks pac. **me**: welcome to [store], let me know if you need anything. pac completely ignores me and goes straight to our anime section. i shrug it off and walk back to the register that was located in the center of the store and organize some of the stock behind the counter, i could hear pac scoffing at all the *mainstream* anime we carried. about 5 minutes later pac approached the register. (most of the dialogue from pac is word-for-word, it just always stuck with me how ridiculous it all sounded.) **pac**: i require service! **me**: hey, how can i help you? **pac**: i was wondering if you had anything of [obscure anime]. **me**: uhh, no we don't. **pac**: oh, okay. how about [other obscure anime]. **me**: no, we don't carry that either. a smug grin came onto pac's face and i knew exactly where this was going, we had people like this come in all the time. they didn't want to buy anything, they just wanted to flex their pop culture tastes over a store that sold pop culture items. **pac**: tsk, that's pretty sad. you should get more stuff of [previously mentioned animes] they would sell like crazy. **me**: i would have to talk to my bosses about ordering that kind of stuff, but i will let them know. **pac**: good, i am the president of the local anime club, i know what i am talking about. i have a lot of pull in the anime world and people will come here if i say it's good. **me**: uhhh.. okay i will let them know. (trying not to laugh at this point) **pac**: i am looking to buy something though, please tell me you have [slightly less obscure anime]. **me**: yes, actually we do. his smug grin changed very quickly to almost a startled look. i showed him the merchandise we had for that particular anime. **me**: let me know if any of this interests you. **pac**: err.. ahh.. no it doesn't. goodbye. pac then promptly left the store and i never saw him again. unfortunately i think we never got his anime club recommendation. tl;dr customer tried to flex his advanced anime knowledge on me and tell us what stock to buy. showed him something he asked for that we actually had and he left the store.we are having a bbq outside for july 4. a simple tent and grill to give our customers free food for the holiday. the event was to go from 11-1. here is the encounter i just had this morning: cl= crazy lady. me= me obviously cl: my husband told me you guys had free hot dogs today but i don't see any. me: yes ma'am. but we are not ready yet im waiting for the manager to bring the stuff to me he is buying them now. it's 10:45 he should be here soon. cl: this is ridiculous. i am gonna call corporate and let them know about this. me: ... cl: so what can you do for me? me: uh nothing since i don't have any free food available. at this point the manager pulls up with the hot dogs and sandwiches (that were for the associates in the break room) and leaves them at my table to park. the lady than demanded i give her a sandwich or she would call corporate still. cl: you need to give me one of those sandwiches or i am calling corporate. this is ridiculous. me: sorry ma'am. you are free to call corporate and let them know you are unhappy with our complimentary free service. but you cant have these sandwiches they aren't for you. at this point she started playing the race card on me at which point i told her to just leave. happy fourth everyone.tl;dr at the bottom. hi guys and gals. sorry it took awhile to post another story. it rained, our new roof leaked and now there's water all in our walls and ceilings and floors. it's a whole to do, but all of my business stuff is safe and dry and nothing was ruined, so that's all that matters. anyway, to recap, i own a small pet business where i hand make items and have re-sell items that i sell at events and vendor shows. after years in retail, i can tell you that these events bring out a different kind of crazy than good old regular brick and mortar store customers. for the first two years i was in business, i relied heavily on dog and cat treat sales for my business, and didn't carry anything else when i first started out. i'm licensed by the department of agriculture to sell them, and all of my treats have been lab tested. as such, i am required to put all pertinent information on my labels, such as the ingredients, that they're all natural, to refrigerate them, the fat and protein content, etc. the labels then have to be approved by the department of agriculture. since my pet treats are all natural, and therefore could only be taken to one show, where i would either sell out and people would be angry that i didn't have more, or i wouldn't hardly sell any and be stuck with tons of them and they too much for my dogs to eat, i've primarily stopped taking them to events and rely on things like my bandanas and such that can't go bad. this information is important later in the story. a few springs ago, i was attending a dog cancer walk event. at the time, i had nothing but treats. everything was going well, i was selling out fast, and everyone was so sweet. about halfway through the show, a woman came up to me and started a somewhat lengthy conversation with me about her dog. her dog had just had surgery and wouldn't be able to eat anything but her restricted diet for two weeks, but she wanted some treats for her for when she felt better. she wanted my suggestion on which treats would be easiest on her stomach when she was just coming off of a restricted diet. i told her all about the different varieties i carried and which ones had what benefit for dogs. then i explained to her that all the treats had to be refrigerated once you got them home (i brought them in cooler bags.) and would be good for six weeks in the refrigerator, however, i would be more than happy just to make fresh treats for the dog in two weeks and deliver them to her. in fact, i tried to insist upon it. i don't know what it was, but something about this lady's demeanor just told me that there was going to be some kind of issue if i didn't. alas, i was unable to convince her. she decided on the pumpkin treats since they are easy on a dog's stomach and promote digestion, and decided just to keep them in the refrigerator for the two weeks her dog was unable to eat them, which was fine. they would keep. i stressed the part about refrigerating them to her. i showed her on the label where it said to refrigerate them. my business partner also told her the same thing, as well as offered that we could make them fresh in two weeks and deliver them. she also had that same weird feeling about this lady. fast forward two and a half weeks. i get an email from any angry lady stating that she was at that specific event, and telling me that she had just opened up her treats that morning and they were all moldy. i emailed her back right away, asking her a few questions, and low and behold, it's the same lady, which i should have figured out because of how long it took her to open the treats. after a few emails back and forth, she admitted that she had kept them in her car for two weeks, in the 80+ degree weather - we were having an unusually hot spring - and that there was nothing on the label telling her to refrigerate them, nor had she been told to. i was mentally smacking her through the internet. i was a little upset at this woman. accidents happen, and i'm understanding of that, so had she just told me she forgot them in her car, i would not have been angry. but to blame us? no. however, her language in the email told me a lot. she kept referring to myself and my business partner as "those girls who were at your booth." i realized quite quickly that she didn't know myself and my business partner were the ones running the booth, and that we were a small business. she thought that we were just two employees that the business owner had sent out into the wild to help, and that she could throw this on them and i would believe it, even though i had handed her the business card with my name on it and told her i was the owner. this time, though, i didn't correct her. it was my first year in business, and because i didn't want to get a bad name, i told her that i couldn't refund her because she had left the treats in the car, but i could replace them and i would also deliver them to her. she lived a half an hour away, but i felt that i had to do what i had to do to make the customer happy. honestly, it would have been cheaper and easier to refund her, as i wouldn't have money into making a batch of treats for one jar and i could just mail the check out, but i felt something was fishy and i wanted to investigate it further, so i took this route. i told her i needed the molded treats back in their original packaging for the exchange. she asked me why and i explained to her that, like any other retail store, we need the bad items to exchange it for a new one. this is a policy i stand by today. she balked at this, and suddenly i had a feeling that something was fishy, especially considering she was very careful in her email to specify that she had just opened the treats that morning, and the email came through before 10 am. one would surmise that she either still had the treats, or if she had thrown them away, they were on top of the garbage and easy to fish out. let me just make a side note and let you guys know they were in a mason jar, so it wasn't like garbage could have destroyed the packaging. i even told her i would just take the mason jar back if she had thrown the treats out - because those things aren't cheap - and she balked at that too. regardless, she and i make a date for me to bring the treats to her, and she asks me again if i'm sure i need the old treats back. i tell her yes. the date comes and i specially make the treats fresh for her that morning. i would like to note that i didn't have any other shows for a month and a half past the date we were supposed to meet, so any treats that didn't fit in the jar went to my dogs. i wasn't going to be selling them anywhere. springtime into early summer is a horrible time for events and shows in this area, so unless they're dog related, i don't do them, and nothing dog related was coming up. also, with the pumpkin treats, there's no way to really evenly split the can of pumpkin and keep the rest of it so it's still good for the next time i want to make treats, so i basically have to make the whole can all at one time to guarantee them fresh. this makes a ton of treats. well, the day of, right as i'm getting ready to walk out the door, she cancels with the excuse that she isn't feeling well and has to go to the doctor. that's cool. it happens. however, the next day she has available for me to take her the treats is almost two weeks away. i don't like to sell treats to customers that more than two days old, that way i can guarantee that they stay good in the refrigerator for six weeks. this whole batch of pumpkin treats go to my dogs, i make fresh treats for her the morning of the next time we are to meet, and she cancels again right as i was leaving. the third time i was supposed to meet with her, she emails me that morning and tells me she can't meet with me because she has to catch a flight, as she's going on vacation. this was the point that i had just had it with her. she clearly knew ahead of time that she was going on vacation that day and had to catch a flight, and she had been the one to pick the days. i told her that she was still welcome to the treats, but she had to come get them, because i would not make another day to meet her after she canceled three times in a row, less than an hour before i was to be there. i was very polite, but i had to put my foot down somewhere. not only that, but my dogs couldn't eat all the treats i had made for her in those three times, and although i took them to the animal shelter down the road and they got good use out of them, it was just a lot of unnecessary work and money i had to put out. she asked for a refund, and i again told her that i could not do that since she had been the one to leave the treats in the car when we had told her they needed refrigerated and it was on the label as well. she tried to tell me "those girls" must not have put the proper labels on and no one told her about refrigerating them all over again. that's when i very politely and professionally decided to tell her that it was actually myself and my business partner that were at the booth, and it's just the two of us running the business. in fact, i remembered her well, because she had told me her dog had just had surgery and had to eat a special diet for two weeks, so she was keeping the treats for when the dog felt better, and we had offered to make her the treats fresh in two weeks and deliver them to her, but she refused. i also expressed to her that i had made the labels and put them on myself. they were labels that were approved by the department of agriculture and ones that i was legally obligated to put on, and that also legally had to include the fact that they had to be refrigerated. i never heard from her again after that. i personally believe she was trying to pull a fast one one me. every time we set up another date, she would ask me if i really needed the old treats back. i repeatedly told her i would just take the jar if she had thrown them out, and she still tried to talk me out of it. the fact that she kept asking me about needing them back, and she kept canceling on me at the last minute, only to try for another refund just struck me funny. i was bringing them to her. she didn't have to go out of her way for any part of this, and i was doing it all on her schedule and her chosen days. also, she spent at least an hour emailing me back and forth on the last day we talked, so she clearly wasn't too eager to catch that flight she so desperately had to cancel on me to catch. this lady is one of the reasons that i now only sell non-perishable items. tl;dr - lady buys pet treats from me at an event. we tell her they need refrigerated, plus my department of agriculture licensing requires me to have instructions to refrigerate them on the label. she contacts me two and a half weeks later, tells me she left her treats in the car in 80+ degree heat and they molded. she says the girls at the booth never told her they needed refrigerated, not realizing myself and my business partner were the ones at the booth, and that the label didn't say anything about refrigerating them. wants a refund. i offer her new treats. we set up a date for me to take them to her three times. she cancels on me every single time as i'm walking out the door. i finally tell her that my treats require the labels to say that they need to be refrigerated, i labeled them myself, and the girls at the booth that she spoke with were myself and my business partner. she never bothers me again. edit: a lot of you are asking some great questions. the department of agriculture heavily regulates how i can and cannot sell my treats, how i can and cannot store them, what qualifies as "all natural" and what doesn't, etc. but basically, i have to sell them a certain way to comply with the department of agriculture regulations. they check everything. my store offers knife sharpening. it's normally 5 dollars a blade, but sometimes we have promotions where the first blade is free. also machine sharpening costs the same as stone sharpening, which is insane and kind of a stupid thing since using a stone takes not only longer to do, but is a skill not many of us at my store have. it's not easy to learn compared to the machine and since most people's knives cost several hundred dollars it's sort of a huge risk on our part to do it even though they sign a liability waiver saying that if the knife gets damaged it's not our fault (because you know how customers are, if something went wrong it would be our fault even though there's a legal document stating otherwise). guy comes in, wants knife sharpened, i tell him price. &gt;guy: "last time it was free, i thought it was always free." &gt;me: "because it's a service that requires additional service and time, we do charge a fee for it. however we do run promos from time to time where first blade is free and the rest are still normal priced." &gt;guy: "are you sure, that seems odd, you're already paid hourly, why isn't it free?" note that the guy wasn't being rude, he was just genuinely curious. we talk about how it's a service being offered just like gift wrapping, or having your car washed. we're a store, we mostly sell stuff but do have these other things too. the guy is still incredibly polite and i'm having a really good talk about differences in sharpening methods and what's exactly happening to the knife during sharpening and the different stones and sharpeners (something most customers don't want to hear about because they don't care, they just want a good sharp knife and they want it now). even though he was trying to get a service that in all honestly we don't charge enough for with the amount of time and training it took to master, he's a pretty fantastic dude with not getting frustrated even though he did drive a decent distance to be there. i later pulled his purchase history up cause i was curious and he does spend a lot of money with us too. (those last two points being things customers try and tell me all the time when they're whining about how they "deserve" a discount.) after a while of talking about the above mentioned things the following amazing thing happened. &gt;guy: "well, i feel bad taking up your time (he wasn't, it was slow and i was enjoying the conversation with someone who was actually interested in what i had to say), but i just don't want to pay for this. would it be alright and not against any promotional rules if i just waited til the next promo and bring the knife in then?" why can't all customers be this reasonable. like hey there's a thing i want. you offer a discount on it. it happens multiple times a year, and i don't need it right now. it sucks the discount isn't right now, but i'll wait til it is. but first let me also make sure that's okay. (it is.) just for his attitude i offered to do it for him then and there, explaining it would take about half hour to an hour for set up and the process, maybe longer depending on business. since it was slow, i could have easily done it. but he was gonna wait til it was actually the promo because he didn't realize how long it would take/we wasted too much time talking about other stuff and didn't have the time that day and didn't want to drop his knife off and come back later-and tell his friends to come with us. and he told my boss how great i was. so pretty much he's the best ever and i can't wait for him to come back. tl;dr: customer had fully functioning brain. am shocked. i work in a hardware store, and for a while now, my store manager has been stealing. his fiance is a gold digger - she drives a fancy bmw 4wd with personalized plates - his personalised plates. she always has the latest brand name crap and he is borrowing cars from people because his regular car broke down and they can't afford to fix it. just for the record - this chain pains really well, so he's on well over 100k a year, plus the fiance works full time too. but whatever. for a while, he'd start at say, 10am, but fix it up in the computer to say he started at 8. in a fortnight, he'd have accumulated an extra 15 hours that he didn't work. he got warned for it. others in the company who did the same thing were sacked, but this guy is bulletproof apparently. so, in the last week, i've noticed how often he does refunds on random crap for himself. a can of paint here, a broken fitting there... decided to tell another manager about it... but everything is well used, out of warranty, past the return period, doesn't have receipts... i'm getting him fired, basically. they've just spent a million dollars on a house. they're losing that. because of me. strange feeling, that one. ps - just a whinge. just because i lack 'manager' on my name badge, doesn't mean i know any less. i probably know moremy gas station offers a free-to-use air pump so people can inflate their tires, however it's out of order right now. (people tend to not hang up the hose, then drive over it when they drive away.) as a courtesy, we also keep a tire gauge behind the counter that people can use. a customer walks in the other day and asks if he can use the tire gauge. i hand it to him, assuming he knows our air pump isn't working. he reenters the store a minute later. &gt;**guy**: "hey, you know i need to put air in my tires and *your* air pump isn't working. i tried using it and now my tires have less air than before." i guess \&gt;9000pt font wasn't large enough for our "out of order" sign. before i can apologize for the inconvenience, he goes on. &gt;**guy**: "i know a place that has a *working* air pump, but they don't have a gauge, so i'm going to borrow this, okay?" he holds up the tire gauge i handed him. is he serious? &gt;**me**: "i can't let you do that." &gt;**guy**: "really? c'mon, i'll bring it right back." &gt;**me**: "sorry, i can't just let you walk off with store property." the guy scoffs at me and whips the tire gauge back across the counter so that it falls on the floor. &gt;**guy**: "tch, thanks a lot buddy." yeah sorry we don't run a rental service. i mean we *sell* tire gauges for less than $3.years ago, as a young assistant manager of a video rental store, we only had a handful of customers one night that were browsing around the store and these three kids, maybe ~16 years old, come in. one of them has their large pet snake around his neck. i genuinely didn't care, and it wasn't as if we have an official "no animals" policy. i notice some of the customers were a bit on edge when he walked by them, so i decide to talk with him. &gt;me: sir, could you please take your pet outside? &gt;kid: why? &gt;me: we don't allow animals in the store, and that some of the customers were becoming uncomfortable. &gt;kid: well, what if i was blind and had a seeing eye dog? &gt;me: sir, we don't get a lot of blind people coming into a video rental store. even his friends could be heard giggling at it. i felt so good, even though it was only some punk kid i had embarrassed.edit: wow, front page! thanks, guys! due to popular demand, i'll post the angry french couple story tomorrow. editedit: new story is up! [angry french couple vanquished by eye twitch]( editeditedit: [the destroyer: in which the op is brutalized by a three-year-old]( i was working the saturday night drive-thru shift at a popular fast food place. it was maybe 10 pm. we were pretty busy, typical saturday night crowd - soccer moms in their minivans, stoners with their loud bass music playing, and nurses from a nearby hospital on their way to the night shift. a camaro pulled up to order. the driver, a typical spoiled college kid, began his order with "sup," and ended every other sentence with "bro." while i was inputting his order, he exchanged raunchy jokes with the guy in the passenger's seat. they ordered 2 large size combo meals... and an order of chicken nuggets. when the car pulled up to the window, both of the bros had their shirts off. they looked fairly sweaty, despite the fact that it was barely 80 degrees (27 celsius for any non-americans.) they both had the expression that said "yeah, we're the shit." i couldn't tell what they were so proud of... until i looked in the back seat. the back seat of the car contained the ugliest crack whore i have ever seen. her skin looked like something from the thing, and her nails were several inches long. her boobs drooped like wilted, rotten petunias. she was wearing platform heels... and nothing else. i couldn't tell for sure, but i think her hair was a wig too. when i handed the bros their food, she stuck her abominable head into the front seat and screeched at me in a voice like a million nails on a chalkboard: "can i have some ketchup?" i shoved a handful of ketchup packets into the bag and shuddered. the bros handed her the box of chicken nuggets, cranked up their shitty rap music, and peeled out. if this story gets enough positive attention, i'll make another post about a very angry french couple.i manage the bakery in a small town grocery store. we require 24 hours notice on orders but if you call the morning of i can see if i have time that day to make you a cake. most of the time i will squeeze you in. it's been this way since the store opened at least 30 years ago. most of our customers are local and know this because they've been shopping here for years. so it's about 10 minutes until my shift ends and my cleaning girl (cg) comes to the back where i'm prepping tomorrow's dough. &gt;esmetio! there's a customer here to make a cake order. she demanded to talk to you. anyone in the store can take down an order. the fact that she was demanding me should have been my first hint. so i go out and find unreasonable lady (ul) standing there with her arms crossed tapping her for impatiently. &gt;me: what can i help you with? &gt; ul: i need a cake made! &gt; me: alright will thks be for tomorrow or next week? &gt; ul: i need it for right now. &gt; me: that's not possible. i need at least a few hours notice for a handmade cake. i have some pre decorated cakes that you can get and i can just write on them, they're only 9x12 though. &gt;ul: i need it now though! my boy will be so upset if he dosnt get his cake! i don't want a pre decorated cake i want something unique! &gt; me: i'm sorry but i don't have time to make you a cake right now. would you like to see the premade cakes? &gt;ul : i guess i don't have a choice do i? this store is useless! they couldn't make me a meat and cheese platter or fruit platter either! well i don't care. my son needs a cake for his birthday so he's going to get one. &gt;me: all departments require 24 hours notice for orders. if you look here these are the cakes i can write on for you. &gt; ul: ugh they're all ugly! but i guess this one will have to do. she points to a white.cake with squiggles and sprinkles. i quickly jot down the spelling of her sons name and grab some red piping jelly. when i bring her the finished cake she gets upset. &gt;ul: there's pink on here! &gt;me: the piping jelly? it looks more red to me. &gt; ul: no the squiggles! there's pink squiggles! he's a boy! pink is for girls! the cake has three colours of squiggles pink blue and yellow. because she chose the cake i didn't think anything was wrong. &gt; me: i'm sorry. those were on there when you picked the cake. &gt; ul: take them off! &gt; me: what? like take the icing off &gt; ul: yes there should be no pink on this cake! so while you're at it take the pink sprinkles off too! &gt; me: that would ruin all the other decorations on the cake. if you want them off you're going to have to do it yourself. ul walks away with her cake yelling about our " useless store" i finish up what i need to do in the back and head home. as i pass the cashiers i hear her yelling about how our handmade cakes are cheaper (they are) and the store owner refusing to give her a discount because "there's pink on the cake". i hate people.dear person who arrived at my supermarket at 3 minutes past close, yes, we are in fact shut - that's why the door wouldn't open for you. no, i'm not going to let you in. no, i don't care that you just ran 5 minutes to get here; you should have left 5 minutes earlier. yes, i am aware it's "only 3 minutes" past - i have to go home. even if i did let you in, i couldn't serve you because i've counted my register and i'm not about to count it again. no, it doesn't take "like 30 seconds" to count my register, and even if it did, that would be 30 seconds i could be leaving work earlier, not to mention time spent waiting for you to buy your stuff. no, the self-checkouts are not working; they're signed off. no, my manager won't let you in either. he wants to go home too. no, kicking the door won't help. no, going to the other door and yelling won't help. no, kicking the receiving bay door won't help. no, i don't care if you "starve to death". even if you do die because i refused to serve you, i feel it's probably more your fault than mine. sincerely, somebody who's just worked 9 hours and has to be up again in 6hi guys! i'm a 17 year old student, and i had been working at a local independent bookstore for roughly six months just to make some disposable income and not have to rely on my parents so heavily for cash. from day one, the owner/boss was extremely rude, short-tempered, and condescending towards me (and all of the other employees). if anybody made a small mistake or did anything to somehow upset the owner (let's call her gertrude), they would be berated, reprimanded, and cursed at by gertrude. i always considered myself to be a good employee- always on time (usually early), always did what i was told (and more), always told her at least a week ahead if my shift had to change, and really helped to get more customers in for events. one time she had to leave early to take her daughter to the doctor, and i was left completely alone to run the store for several hours while she was gone. one saturday, i was scheduled to work from 9:30 am to 5:30 pm. the store was extremely slow that day, and there was another girl working as well as gertrude. my older sister was having surgery that morning, so i was a bit anxious all day. my mother called me frantically at around 1 pm, saying i had to come home immediately to take care of my sister (who had just gotten released from the hospital and could not be left alone), since my parents had to go deal with a different emergency that couldn't be put off whatsoever. i figured it wouldn't be a big deal- this was the first and only time i had ever had to leave work on such short notice. the store was completely dead, and there wasn't any other work to be done. i went to go inform my boss. &gt;me: "hey gertrude- i'm really sorry, but i'm going to have to leave at 2 pm to go take care of my sister, she just got out of surg-" &gt;boss: "what??? how old is she??? she can take care of herself! how dare you! you are not leaving, you are not going anywhere! &gt;me: "..my mother just called me frantically, i really have to-" &gt;boss: "you go call your mother right now and tell her that your ass is staying here! i don't care! this is unacceptable! you should be ashamed!" my boss scolded me for at least 10 minutes, and once she was finished, i ran into the back room to call my mother, while nearly hysterical from all of the stress. she told me she would be calling the store to talk to gertrude and not to worry. five minutes later, me and gertrude were both at the front desk where the phones and computers are located. the phone rings, and i can see on the screen that it's my mother. i can't hear much of the conversation, but gertrude hung up on my mother angrily, and then turned to me: &gt;boss: "there seems to be a miscommunication. tell your mother that you have a job!" at this point, i was furious with gertrude and so fed up with her constant verbal abuse. i didn't need this job badly enough to put up with this, so i looked her dead in the eye and said: &gt;me: "no i don't. not anymore." i punched out, and i walked out the front door. it was the single most satisfying feeling to see my boss completely speechless for once. i emailed her to send my last check in the mail and i haven't returned since. hi, tfr! i work in the jewelry industry, and i have a lot of stories about difficult and/or overly emotional customers, but this one is really the most ridiculous. it happened last fall, when i was working as an assistant at a small jewelry and watch repair store. guy comes in, with a diving watch (rubber bracelet, waterproof, with a latch meant to expand the band to fit over a wetsuit) and wants me to cut it to fit his son. on these types of watches, you actually cut the rubber on the band to make it fit the wearer. so i measure the kid, and cut the watch to fit him. about 90 seconds after they leave, the guy walks back in the door, alone, and starts yelling about me making it too small. i ask him to go get his son so i can check it again. i can get two fingers underneath the band. it fits. either way, he demands that we get a new bracelet for it, and starts going on and on about how 'expensive' it was and how he got it in milan and that's when i know it's going to be a nightmare. flash forward a few weeks, and he drops off a packet of papers with a 'demand for payment' of almost $300 for wire transfer fees, calls to italy, and a new band, at nearly twice the cost of the exact same one we already ordered. my boss refuses to pay, in part due to the disparaging language he was using to describe me and my work, and his inability to understand that we can actually get watch parts that he can't since we were in the industry. it wasn't a well-known watch company, so we had to go through some alternate channels to get the bracelet, but we definitely got the exact bracelet! he shows up a few days later, looking for his money, and when my boss refuses to pay him, he starts screaming and shouting and telling him he will ruin the business and that we haven't seen the last of him. guy shows up an hour later, with his son, and literally protests our store. like, with poster board signs that say **they butchered my watch** and encourages his kid to go talk to people coming into our store and tell them to go somewhere else. we call the cops, and i was hoping he would get mouthy with the officer and get tased in front of our store. no such luck, but our property manager banned him from the entire shopping center and he definitely got put in handcuffs for a minute, and got a ticket for trespassing. the thing that really disturbed me the most was him dragging his kid into it. i hate knowing that kid will go out into the world thinking that's how you treat people to get what you want. ugh!yesterday was my last day working at a fast food place. so for the past week or so i've been a bit less cheerful then i usually am towards customers. anyway before i start, ill tell you one quick story. a really big woman comes in an orders a wrap with steak in. it's busy and she claims she was handed a chicken wrap. she only comes and tells us and demands a new wrap *after* she'd ate all of the chicken one. anyway on to the main story. i get asked to cover someones night shift because he was sick, a few people were off meaning a lot of work for those who came in. it was one of those days where everything is going wrong, one of the screens for the ordering lanes (we have two lanes) wasn't working properly. i was in the drive thru payment box. because it was a 14 year old taking the orders on a broken screen, i decided it would be best to check with all the customers that their orders were correct before i took their payments. now, most customers are reasonable people and having their order read back to them is fine. but then we get to douchebag customer (dc) dc pulls up to the window sitting in the back of what looks to be his parents expensive car, he's got a snapback on and a pair of raybans and a nasty look on his face me - ''hi, was that a large 20 nugget meal with sweet and sour and 2 large burgers'' dc- ''where the fuck is my extra 10 pack of nuggets moron'' me - ''erm sorry about that we're having trouble with the screens i'll just put that through now for you with the rest of the meal'' dc - ''you're a fucking idiot, i want it free''. i've mentally killed him 8 times now. but i just want him out my face so tell him the total and he hands me his card me- ''is this paypass'' (in australia you can pay but taping your card on the screen) dc- ''no. cheque account.'' me - ''would you like a receipt?'' he snatches the receipt out my hand dc- ''you're a stupid fucking whore''. as they drove through it suddenly dawned on me, i already have references and another job lined up. i don't need to take this bratty guys crap. so i walked through (yes leaving another car at the window, my bad sorry guys in the next car when i went back they were super nice as well) to the next window. now the person doing presenting was busy making a frape for the next car and must have assumed i'd hand the food over. i took out his 20 pack of nuggets, handed him the food, he looks through the back dc - ''i ordered nuggets you idiots'' i simply pick up the nuggets, open the lid and throw them through the window on to him then throw the box. he looks so confused. dc- ''what the fuck you whore'' just then one of my favourite managers walks in, she's a filipina lady who don't take no shit, she also doesn't speak fantastic english but she is a good manager dc - ''she just threw my nuggets on me'' manager - ''no no, marklefish wouldn't do that, she's a good girl she earn lots for charity'' dc is still screaming, the queue is getting bigger and finally manager snaps manager - ''i said no she not do that! she is very good, you are rude you go now or i'll call the police'' and back to the box i went, and it wasn't mentioned anymore. in fact surprisingly enough the guy didn't even call to complain about it, and admittedly i went and had a little cry afterwards. but damn, it felt so good to afterwards. just posted a comment in reference to this, so i thought i'd post it up here. working at big red corporate hell auto parts store. i am the general manager of the store (yey power!) and a few years ago this event took place. it was a friday morning around 0700, i had just made it to the store to open. got into the main office i noticed a note about a very pissed off customer that came in for parts last night that got shipped to another store. not our fault, this happens all the time usually we just give them a 20% discount on the transaction and they go on their merry way. well this guy apparently threatened to do harm to multiple employees, why someone didn't call me the night it happened i'm not sure. they had filed a police report and taken all the info. i hear someone knock on the door, keep in mind it is me and 1 other employee in the store right now. i figured it was the new guy coming in for training, so i sent other guy to go get him. this is where all hell breaks loose. let me stop and say first that i was an army ranger, scout sniper, and i have been shot at, hit with a humvee and almost blown up by an ied. none of that helped with this situation. queue og (haha funny accident) running in the the office and slamming the door. og: he's got a gun! me: what? who? og: guy from last night. so i immediately started calling the cops. as i'm hitting the last 1, i start hearing shots ringing through the store. i keep dialing and explain the situation, knowing that 2 layers of drywall aren't going to stop a round from tearing me a new hole. i told og to stand directly behind the office door, it's a solid steel door before anyone gets all up in arms about using the black guy as a human shield. this entire time the guy is still firing, i could tell that he had reloaded at least once. he was yelling something incoherent, i just sat there and waited for the moment when he started shooting the office. i'm not sure how long had passed for all i know it could of been minutes. but what happened next astonished and changed my life. i hear sirens finally and more people yelling, then massive amounts of gunfire, had to be at least 3 different pistols, then i hear: cop: this is the police, if there is anyone else in here announce yourselves and come out slowly. me and og walk out they take us into cuffs and put us in the back of the car while they clear the store, as were walking out i see that the entire store is a mass of bullet holes, there's oil all over the place, in general it was destroyed. they ask us what happened, get statements, and i tell them i need to call our district leader and corporate about this. this is where i decided that i would never work for this hell hole again, along with the other employee that was there. i called the corp office and told them what had happened, filed an ass load of paperwork, by this time it was roughly 0930-0945. they then asked me: corporate overlords co: can you work around the mess? me: are you fucking kidding me? i just told you the cops shot, and killed a person in my store... co: yea, can you work around it. me: (pissed beyond belief at this point) seriously, you want me to work around the body and pool of blood/oil that has massed around the dead guy in my fucking store? co: so i'll take that as a no? i don't think i've ever yelled at someone so much. one of the cops actually had to take the phone from me and make me go smoke a cig. in the end me and og got 2 weeks paid off, a trip to the police station, court, and one hell of a story to tell our kids. tl;dr pissed guy shoots up my store, gets shot by police, corporate office asks if we can still run the store that day. edit: fixed formatting along with spelling.ninja edit: sorry for the wall of text. i'm a wordy person and feel this story is best in all its glory. i work alone at a dry cleaner/laundromat. this lady comes in and hands me her tickets to pick up her dry cleaning. she had more than the average bear's worth of dry cleaning spread out over a few tickets. i add up her total twice and check to make sure it matches her receipt. "okay, your total is $82." she looks at me flabbergasted for a second. "no it's not. the guy told me that it was $72." "i'll double check the math." i added everything up again and said, "no, i'm sorry. this is $82, see?" "no you're wrong! why would he tell me that it was $72?! he must have been giving me a discount." "he might have misspoke, or miscalculated, but he wrote right here on your ticket $82." "well you need to get him on the phone then, i need to talk to your manager." "i'm sorry, that man is not the manager. my manager doesn't actually work at the store. i'm in charge for the day." "well i'm going to need his number." she was huffing and puffing at this point and i was also getting shakey. my boss had given me a no nonsense policy and tells me to ask customers to leave and not come back when they get indignant. she also doesn't want me calling her for any reason. (she's not a very good manager.) "i'm sorry, to be honest with you i don't know the other employee's number, and i can't give you my manager's cell phone number." "well then call her! get her on the phone right now." "i'm sorry, i can't call her in the middle of the day. she's at work right now. i'm the manager right now." (this argument repeats until she gets the picture.) "i'm not paying anymore than what that man told me. $70 is all you can have!" "that's fine if you just want to pick up a few things. we can hold on the the rest until you can pay for them." "are you fucking kidding me?! you're going to be stealing my clothes from me?! i can take them if i want to!" "well, we've already provided you a service, i'm not going to give them back until you pay for them." (protip, using big words like this piss people off. in retrospect i was being condescending.) at this point she goes over to her clothes and starts tearing them out of the bags. she's throwing the bags all over the floor, huffing and mumbling and tearing her clothes off the hangers. "these look like shit! i'm not paying for these!" "i'm sorry, i'd be happy to redo them for you. it would be ready to pick up in two days." "fuck! i need them this weekend. no you can't redo them. but i'm not paying full price!' "i'm sorry, the total is still $82." (i was not giving in) "who the fuck do you think you are?!" she screamed. i then make the worst mistake of my life, i chuckle. not to be condescending, but because i am really uncomfortable. i mean really uncomfortable, even after five years in retail i am in awe every time some yells at me like this. i am a humanist and am still constantly in shock that people can be so aggressive and hateful. i'm naive, whatever. anyway, i chuckle a nervous is-lady-going-to-kill-me laugh. she loses it. "this is not a fucking joke. i'm not fucking playing with you right now. my husband is going to kill me when i get home if i spend $80 fucking dollars on these clothes. do you understand that? he's already pissed off with me, and he's pissed off with you for taking so fucking long to get his clothes done. you do not want him to come here. i do not want to bother him with this shit. he's already pissed off with me!" which makes me more uncomfortable thinking her husband probably beats her. "ma'am, please stop cursing at me. there are kids in here." there were. "i'm not cursing at you. if i was cussin' at you i'd be call you a skanky fat-ass bitch cunt fucking heifer. i'm not calling you any of those things am i?" alright, i've hit my limit. "i'm sorry, i'm going to have to ask you to leave." "you can't do that. i'm going to call 911." "...um okay?" i was really confused. she took out her cell phone and called 911. "hello, i'm at [this] dry cleaner and i'm having a domestic dispute. we need an officer right away. yes, thank you." i look around for a bit trying to wrap my brain around what's happening and said, 'okay. well i'm going to get some work done while we wait for the police." i picked up all the trash and hangers she threw all over the floor. in retrospect, i should have left them as evidence she was being crazy. i guess she might have said i threw it at her. the police station is right up the road so it wasn't a long wait. oh, she called in late for work while she watched me pick up her mess. the officer came in and he was super polite and calm. she recounted her story which was mostly true, if a little biased. me not giving her a discount, me not calling the manager. she also added that i owed her for the money she was missing by not being at work in time. she did say that i told her she had to leave after she called 911 because i was trying to hide the evidence. (lolwhut.) i then said that wasn't true, that she called the police after i asked her to leave. the officer looked a little confused and asked me what happened. he turned back to the lady and said "okay. what can thiscity police department do for you today?" she said, "well officer, if i'm not happy with the service i need a discount." he turned to the lady and said "you know, i don't want to discourage you from calling 911 when you need to. you should call if you're in danger. or in the case of criminal activity- but this is a dispute that the police department can't settle for you. why don't you come back on another day to pick up your clothes." "yes sir officer, that's a good idea." "i agree,' he said. "i'm going to need you to step outside with me so that i can get your information. just in case you need me again." and she left. he took her info outside and she got in her car and (presumably) drove to work. she came back the next day and payed $82 for her dry cleaning. i felt really bad for her. hey, guys. here's my first post. i'm not a great story teller. i work at a pizza shop near my campus. this area has a bunch of restaurants all within a block or two of each other, but we don't interact or anything, until a couple nights ago. it's a crazy slow night, probably the slowest since i started working, but i'm with a good crew so the night isn't so bad. as i'mgetting back from one of my few deliveries, i see a cop leaving the store with a pizza. don't really think anything of it. when i get inside i find a bag with about four dozen donuts from an extremely reputable donut shop. awesome! the cop had traded us delicious donuts for a pizza. there's only a few of us working so 4 boxes of donuts is a bit much. now, one of the restaurants across the street is a popular mexican place and my coworkers and i start joking about how we should trade them done of our excess donuts for some nachos or something. my next delivery comes up and i decide, hell, why not? on the way back from the delivery, i stop inside and ask us they want to trade. i'm met first with, "i better ask the manager" which leads to me h having to display the donuts like a suitcase full of money. next thing i know, the whole staff is prioritizing my nachos :) mmmm i get back and we feast on a box of fresh nachos. t'was a good night, considering i didn't make any money.yet another story from fast food. when someone places an order, we have to ask them for their name. then, i look at the screen and run the orders out. the next order was for "batman". i go to the counter. &gt;me: "order for batman." &gt;customer: "yeah, that's me. you just got one thing wrong." &gt;me: "i'm sorry. what is it?" &gt;customer: "you spelled my name wrong, it's supposed to be bruce wayne". ---- i walked right into that one. wow. tl;dr: batman orders food, is actually bruce wayne. greetings tfr, again from the wonderful world of *'bitches don't know 'bout our friendliness' drive-thru*. today's tale is about a customer-to-customer act of spitefulness that i not only took part in, but did so gleefully. our drive-thru's design is a source of contention for many people. here's a crude drawing of it. note my l33t mzzp41n7 sk1llz, d4wg. two speaker boxes, both converging into a single line that goes to the payment, then pickup, windows. seems simple enough, like it'd be hard for anyone to screw that up. right? if you really believe that to be the case, i urge you to read more of this sub. such high faith in the intelligence of the common person is not healthy. seek help. the general idea is that whomever has had their order finished first, goes first. often, this is not the case, as the urge to get their grease-laden lardwiches and ginormo-sized sweet teas frequently causes people to disregard any notion of traffic safety and view vehicular assault as a perfectly justifiable means to shave off a whole four seconds between them ordering their meal and receiving their food. conversely, this also creates people who feel that *they* should have gone first, despite them taking an additional thirty seconds to order their slop, and instills within them an indignant fury that just needs to be released. this is about the latter. our players in this story are a lady named bengie (why bengie? because she works at a veterinarian's clinic and has a dog that looks kinda like benji). me, of course. and a really angry fella' we'll call angrybieber (why angrybieber? because he was angry and had a stupid justin bieber haircut... probably the source of his anger now that i think about it). it was a rather typical day for business. we had a line of cars in the drive-thru, things are kinda moving a little more slowly than normal, i'm taking orders in the outside lane and also taking money. the usual. i open my window to receive payment for an order when, a couple cars back, i hear some frantic car horn honking. slightly annoyed but thinking nothing of it i continue my duties. bengie gets to my window. &gt; me- 'ello, $4.93 please. &gt; bengie- hey bud, how are ya? &gt; me- about normal. here. standing. probably should be working. &gt; car behind us- **honk!** *angry, unintelligible shouting*. &gt; bengie- i'd also like to pay for the guy behind me. (note- about a $3 order, so nothing big) he's been shouting at me because he thinks i cut him off back there. &gt; me- ...are you absolutely certain you want to do this? &gt; bengie, as she flashes a slight, devilish smirk- yes. also, tell him i said "life's too short to be so angry." with these transactions completed, she heads up to the pickup window. angrybieber approaches. &gt; me- 'el &gt; angrybieber, interrupting me and quite living up to his name and stupid, stupid haircut- did you see that? that **angry c-word** pulled out in front of me. let me take a moment here. that "angry c-word", as he so eloquently put it, is one of the nicest damn people i have ever met and is one of the sweetest regular customers i have. i'm not joking- she's so sweet that she once performed a [blood sister ritual]( and killed her partner through diabetic ketoacidosis^(this may or may not be true). also, there's a monitor that displays camera footage of our speaker boxes in my booth. i pay attention to it. i took angrybieber's order. it was indisputable that bengie was supposed to go before angrybieber and it was angrybieber who was trying to cut in line. back to the story. &gt; me, as calmly as i could- that *very nice lady* just paid for your meal. &gt; angrybiebs, in confusion- wai...wha? &gt; me, nodding- mhmm. &gt; angrybiebs- you're joking! &gt; me- nope. she asked me to tell you "life's too short to be so angry." the look on angrybieber's face was priceless. it was such a beautiful combination of confusion, shock, and shame. pure. unbridled. shame. i cannot find the words the describe how wonderful it was. they should have sent a poet. angrybieber tried to stammer out a response but was too embarrassed to do so. i handed him a receipt, told him to have a nice day, and he slowly crept away from my window with his head hung low. tl;dr- sweetest person ever makes angry jerk feel shame for being an angry jerk with a simple act of kindness. edit- woah. thank you so much for the gold anonymous benefactor!some guys like to do this to female cashiers and although it is a small gesture, it is incredibly demeaning and always pisses me off. when he goes to pay with cash (it is always a guy that does this, in my experience), he holds the money out then pulls it away as the cashier reaches for it. then he looks her straight in the eye, as if expecting her to giggle coyishly or to plead for his money. i refuse to reach for anyone's money after they do this and make them set it on the counter. i'm ringing you up, not giving you a lap dance, so i'm not gonna put on a show for your money.quick story i just told a friend and figured i'd commit to the ages here. after i left the store i have spoken at length about, i was working for a chain of craft supply stores. i was hired on as a manager, but they didn't actually have a store to put me in. so i was serving as acting store manager in multiple locations. basically if you were the store manager and went on vacation/were in the hospital or if a manager had been fired or quit and they were moving in the new store manager, they would just have me fill in at the store until things settled. i did this for eight months, travelling over eight states living out of hotel rooms (which wasn't actually what i signed on for, but that's another story) so i am in new york, covering a store, and in walks a guy with a return. all returns in this company were handled by a manager and we had final discretion. in this case, the guy was obviously pulling some scam. the product was used, and had old packaging, but he had a new receipt. plus, he had an out of state license. he claimed that he was on vacation, but who takes along a receipt to make a return from two months ago while on vacation? he huffed and puffed when i told him no, and threatened to go to another location. that night i got a call from my dm. a manager had been fired and they were relocating me now. i drove overnight to virginia, (edit realizing that not everyone knows distance here. i drove for 9 hours that night, non stop save for bathroom breaks. it's really far away). i met my dm at the store to get the keys and story, and stuck around a little while before crashing at the hotel. halfway through the day i get paged that a customer has a return. i come up and its the same guy. i let him talk about his return, show me his receipt, then i smile and say "just like i told you in new york, you can't do this return." he stared at me for a moment. i'm a redhead, so he slowly recognized me, eyes going wide and he backed away. he glanced over at the doorway i had come from, confused. then he just left, leaving his receipt behind. the other store wasn't his "local" store where the receipt was from either (although closer to home) so he had just apparently tried to pull the same scam elsewhere only to meet omnimanager. woo! christmas! bring on the crazies! a woman approximately 70 yrs old bought a few groceries with a carton of eggs. she gives me a coupon. it's $0.70 off when you buy a certain brand of butter and eggs together. "but i bought the butter last time. i bought both of them, so now i need the discount!" not how that works... i tell her gently it has to be on the same transaction. she gets so mad she starts shaking and mincing her words. she insists that i'm full of crap, basically. another assistant manager was listening and comes over to help me bag. she decides to scan the coupon to show the lady. can't be read. "i. don't. care!" the crazy lady fumes. "i bought eggs and butter." i ask for a receipt to make a point. she has none, of course. "you know what," the other assistant says. "i believe you." with a turn of a key and a wink of an eye, this lady has a discount. she walks away satisfied. later, my coworker approaches me and says, "you know she just *thinks* she got that discount. she actually paid full price. turns out that coupon didn't even come from our store, because we don't have that brand of butter." i laughed the hardest i had laughed all day.so i was working at a popular video game store a couple years back when fifa 10 was just being released. it was a high volume store, so we got plenty of copies. this also meant we had a huge amount of preorders. people would often preorder the game specifically to get the included collector's items, and we had one customer (we'll call him fred) that called up the day before and preordered the collector's edition for his son's 10th birthday. it was one of the last ones we had in stock, so he was lucky to snag it in time. fast forward to release day, and it was crazy busy. for the first time since i'd worked there, we actually sold every one of our preorders on release day, as well as all of our regular stock. except for one - fred's copy. so the day chugged along busily and as it drew to a close, we only had one copy left, which was reserved for fred. i was constantly turning people down for sales of the game, or signing them up for a copy when a new shipment arrived. i then left the register to do some inventory for 10 minutes before returning. in just 10 minutes, my genius colleague managed to sell fred's copy of fifa 10. i didn't know this had happened, so about 20 minutes after i'd returned to the register, fred and his wife walks in and asks to pick up his son's copy of the game. i do a search for the game, and our stock says a big fat zero. this includes reserved stock. me: "i'm sorry sir, we just sold the last copy. there must have been a mixup and your reserved copy was sold to another customer." fred: "what? but i reserved it! it's for my son's 18th birthday tonight!" me: "i apologize, it's entirely our fault. we don't have any copies to sell you today, but i can put you on a waiting list for the next shipment that comes to the store if you'd like?" it's at this point i notice fred's wife is crying. i notice that fred is visibly trying to control his anger, but his face is going red and i can see that the situation is not getting any better. fred: "my son's birthday is tonight and i promised him we'd play the new fifa tonight! what am i going to do? this is unfair!" i feel very sorry for these people, and i realize that this is a very unfair situation for them, so i improvise. me: "i'm really sorry sir. let me do a quick search for other stores in the area that have stock, and here's a $25 off voucher for the game. i hope that makes up for our mistake." as i was talking, i found a store about 10 minutes away that had stock of the game. as i handed the voucher to fred, his entire composure changed completely. he was dumbfounded, and a massive smiled exploded onto his face. fred: "oh... wow, thank you so much! i'll go there right now and pick the game up. thank you! i'll definitely come back to this store from now on!" and his wife thanked me profusely as well. i felt great. i'd made a family's day, kept a customer happy and probably saved the store a lot of bad word-of-mouth. those are the moments that make retail worthwhile. as i was closing up that night, the store manager came up and started talking to me. store manager: "fat_head, i saw what you did with those customers today. you do realise that's a serious breach of store policy? that's $25 off the other store's margin. those vouchers are supposed to be for the &lt;other game&gt; promotion only. i'm going to speak to the area manager about this, and i never want to see you do that again without my permission." i was speechless. i could not believe a manager could be so money-hungry that he'd prefer to absolutely piss a customer off because of my colleague's mistake, over giving them a voucher and making them happy as anything. i was furious that night, because even though it was (apparently) against store policy, i didn't deserve to be told off. next day, i come in for my shift, and the area manager is talking to the store manager. i get pulled into the back room. area manager: "fat_head, store manager has filled me in on what you did yesterday with the $25 coupon. unfortunately that is a serious breach of store policy, and we're going to have to terminate your employment. please give me your store key and leave immediately." i was actually not really that surprised. i was only a casual and so they could fire me on a whim, and the area manager was equally as penny-pinching as the store manager. me: "you know what, don't bother firing me, i don't want to work here if you're going to treat me like this. i tried my best to keep the customer happy, but hey, don't let me stop you from pissing off the people who pay your wage! did store manager tell you it was &lt;employee&gt;'s fault their reserved game was sold to someone else? i guess that's perfect grounds for firing the employee that fixed the situation! now there's some good management!" then i dropped my store key on the ground and walked out without another word. maybe that was a bit too rude, but i just couldn't believe that they'd value $25 over customer service. just another example of managers power tripping and penny-pinching without caring for the people they are there to service. oh well, i'm glad they fired me. it was a terrible place to work. tl;dr i rant for ages about getting fired for fixing our store's mistake.i work at a green bank. some of our locations that have drive-thrus offer public bathrooms due to the construction of the bank (where they need to move the plumbing from the back of the bank to the front in order to make room for the drive-thru teller station). however, the location i work at is by pedestrian access only, so no drive-thru. it's a regular day at work and it's getting pretty busy. we're on one of the main streets of the area and we have many businesses and regular customers that go in and out of the bank. one of our tellers (we'll call her mary) is finishing up a transaction with her customer, angry-bathroom-lady (abl), and as i'm greeting by the teller line, i hear their conversation: &gt; abl: where are your bathrooms? &gt; mary: i'm sorry. unfortunately, at this location we do not have public restrooms. there is a food court right next door where you can use their facilities for free. now, abl starts shrieking out of nowhere, demanding a manager and complaining about the rude service mary has just given her. hearing all this commotion, my manager comes over to quickly deal with this lady. all the other patrons are wide-eye and watching this mess unfold. &gt; manager: miss, what seems to be the problem? &gt; abl: where do you use the bathroom? &gt; manager: i'm sorry ma'am. the restroom the employees use are located in the back by the vaults and we are unable to grant you access. my teller did offer the closest restrooms which are right next door- &gt; abl: this is ridiculous! i know you have bathrooms! i need to use it! i am the customer. my business pays for your salary. &gt; manager: i am truly sorry- &gt; abl: stop yelling at me! what is your name? give me your business card! i am going to report you to upper management about this! and then she leaves the bank quickly, muttering about our horrible service and how we are america's most inconvenient bank. a couple of days later, we get an e-mail from our corporate headquarters saying that we did not handle the situation correctly. they said that we should have guided the customer by hand to the nearest bathroom in the area and made sure they were able to use the facilities next door and then return to work....even though we are constantly understaffed and not anyone's baby sitters. the kicker -- the lady wrote a review about us online, saying that we were unprofessional and the manager yelled at her...hello again! today this story is from my days at a big box pet store. i was the dog trainer, food specialist, and reptile specialist for my location. so my days off were few and treasured. on this day, i needed to get supplies for my critters as it was cage cleaning day and i had forgotten when i worked the day before. so i decided to bring my snake satinka with me. [satinka]( is a 5 foot ball python. not big at all for a python, but big enough to get reactions. i know a lot of people don't like snakes, so i don't ever shove her into anyone's face. a lot of the time when she isn't moving around, people don't notice her. this is not one of those days. i walked into the store with her around my neck, grabbed a hand basket, and headed towards the back of the store where the reptile supplies were. about halfway back, a woman did a double take as i walked past. we will call her dog lady. then there was scream and the crash of her hand basket full of dog supplies hitting the ground. i turned back to her, pretty sure i was the source of the scream. i can't even get a word out before she starts yelling at me. dog lady: what is that thing doing in here. get out! those aren't pets! sdrakkan: i'm sorry you feel that way ma'am, but she is my pe- dog lady: i don't care what you think! get out of the store! you aren't allowed to have that in here! sdrakkan: ...you do know this store sells reptiles, right? dog lady: i don't go in the back of the store because i know they are back there in cages. that is not in a cage and i want it out now! sdrakkan: ma'am, i'm allowed to be here with her just like you bring your dog. it's a pet sto- dog lady: i'm tired of your excuses! i want a manager! i want you out! i sighed, and turned to go to the office to get coolboss, my manager. coolboss is not a snake fan, but she respected them regardless. lucky for me, she comes around the corner just then to find out what the yelling was about. coolboss: sdrakkan, what is going on? sdrakkan: this lady wants satinka and i to leave. coolboss: ma'am, what seems to be the problem. dog lady: this girl seems to think that creature is allowed in here! coolboss: that girl is my reptile specialist in here on her day off with her pet snake. any pet is allowed in- dog lady: what?! you allow them in here?! that isn't right! coolboss: yes, we sell them and have absolutely no problem with anyone bringing their pet into the store. dog lady starts sputtering, looking between coolboss and i. by now there is a crowd watching all this happen, and she starts trying to get them to agree with her. there isn't a one. one even mentioned that they had brought a cornsnake from me and they were eager to meet satinka. turning back to us she kicks her basket still on the ground. dog lady: if this is how to you treat a loyal customer, then i will never be shopping here again! that thing is not a pet and you are going to hell for touching it! now, i probably shouldn't have, but i couldn't help myself. i lifted satinkas front half and kissed her on the top of the head. "then so be it!" dog lady: i'll be calling corporate on you! you will both be fired! coolboss: ok ma'am, you go ahead and do that. have a nice day! she stomped out of the store still yelling. coolboss rolled her eyes, and asked if i needed any crickets. tl;dr whipped my python out and made a woman scream. edit: gold! i'll make sure to give satinka an extra large rat for her contribution to this story. &lt;3 edit 2: another one?! now i have to remember more stories...stay tuned. :dtime for a different kind of story. about 2 months ago, it was decided that we gas station clerks would wear t-shirts every other day instead of the standard uniform. it's part of a promotion we're doing. the shirts bear the name of our mascot and say, "hello my name is [mascot]." also, we don't wear our name tags with the t-shirts. this has proven to be confusing for our customers. you guys know how it goes, sometimes a customer will refer to you by name after they read your name tag. well i have customers who now think my name is [mascot]. &gt;"thanks, [mascot]." &gt;"have a good day, [mascot]." no big deal. i don't blame my customers for not realizing it's a promo t-shirt. and if they do, some of them say it as a joke. except lately it's gotten worse. customers are now calling me [mascot] on days when i'm wearing my normal uniform, complete with my proper name tag. some ask, &gt;"is your name really [mascot]?" with each passing day, i answer that question with less and less certainty. these everyday occurrences are wearing on me. &gt;"hey, the screen says duelist, but your shirt says [mascot]." it's getting bad. now, i'll hear the name [mascot] outside of my job and i'll instinctively turn my head in response. that's how strong the conditioning is. it's only a matter of time before i adopt [mascot] as my new name.it's my first reddit post, so i apologize for doing stuff wrong. i used to work at a cafe. one day and a customer put in an order for her friend. she got a hot chocolate with espresso. okay, one mocha coming up. i made the drink, gave it to the girl and moved on. about fifteen minutes later, the phone rang. &gt;**me:** thank you for calling the cafe, how can i help you? &gt;**customer:** my friend just ordered me a hot chocolate with espresso and it tastes like it has coffee. &gt;**me:** yes, ma'am. &gt;**customer:** i'm allergic to coffee. i didn't want coffee in it. &gt;**me:** ma'am, espresso is coffee. &gt;**customer:** but i didn't want coffee in it. &gt;**me:** but you wanted espresso? &gt;**customer:** yes! &gt;**me:** ma'am, you can't have espresso and not have coffee. &gt;**customer:** what do you mean? &gt;**me:** espresso is coffee. by ordering a hot chocolate with espresso, you ordered a coffee drink. &gt;**customer:** but i'm allergic to coffee. can i have a refund? &gt;**me:** yes ma'am, i'd be happy to give you a refund. &gt;**customer:** i'll be over in a minute. time passes. &gt;**customer:** hi, i called you earlier about my hot chocolate with espresso. &gt;**me:** yes ma'am. &gt;**customer:** now, explain to me again why this has coffee in it. &gt;**me:** *(screaming internally about how espresso is coffee!)* you ordered it with espresso in it, correct? &gt;**customer:** yes. &gt;**me:** espresso is coffee. &gt;**customer:** but i didn't want coffee. &gt;**me:** then you didn't want it with espresso. &gt;**customer:** yes, i did. &gt;**me:** ma'am, you ordered a mocha: hot milk, chocolate, and espresso. espresso is coffee. &gt;**customer:** but i'm allergic to coffee. &gt;**me:** then you don't want espresso. &gt;**customer:** how is espresso different than coffee? &gt;**me:** *(whips out espresso beans and coffee beans. sets them before the customer.)* this one is espresso. *(shows espresso beans.)* this one is coffee. *(shows coffee beans.)* there really isn't much of a difference, except espresso is stronger. &gt;**customer:** what makes them different? &gt;**me:** the beans are roasted differently, but they come from the same place. espresso is a form of coffee. &gt;**customer:** well, i've had a hot chocolate with espresso before! the girl put something from over there in it *(points to the area where we have our espresso grinders and our flavor sauces)*. &gt;**me:** which one ma'am? the espresso grinder? &gt;**customer:** *(walks to where we kept our flavors and points.)* this one. &gt;**me:** ma'am, that's chocolate sauce. &gt;**customer:** okay. well, can i have a cappuccino? &gt;**me:** no. *(pause)* a cappuccino is hot milk, milk foam, and espresso. &gt;**customer:** oh. well, i really wanted a cappuccino. &gt;**me:** i really wouldn't recommend it if you're allergic to coffee. &gt;**customer:** fine, i'll just take a hot chocolate. tl;dr: customer wanted coffee without the coffee. i was at my local gas station and took my place as third in line. the 60ish-looking woman, (wearing zebra-stripe leggings and a leopard-spotted top) who was first in line, was cashing in her scratch-off lottery tickets and she had quite a few. the second lady in line (40ish) (well-dressed/groomed asian woman)waited patiently, as did i, but the first woman had completed her transactions and proceeded to block the cashier's window while she sorted her change and bills into the various pockets of her purse. the cashier looked at the asian woman who pushed a bill under the window and gave a pump number. "jungle-jane" jumped like she had been stung and started yelling and waving her arms (like she was fighting off a cloud of flying insects)! "you're supposed to wait your turn! i wasn't finished! you're in america! that's how we do it in america!" she stomped out, still waving her arms about and the three of us looked at each other and burst out laughing! the cashier said, god help america..."this is from my days as a manager at a large consumer electronics store in the mid 90's... 'twas the night before thanksgiving, and all through the store, every associate was stirring, we were stocking some more. piles upon piles of consumer electronics, because we all knew that black friday would soon be upon us. "sony boombox: just $29" the ad screamed in big print (limited to 100, but they wouldn't get the hint) one hundred boomboxes stacked on the endcap with care, with full knowledge that soon, none would be there. 5am chimed the clock, the stores doors did roll up. the shoppers charged in to pick cheap crap up! in just 20 minutes, the pile, it was gone! but still customers came, looking for one. so a sign was made "all boomboxes are gone - please don't ask for a raincheck, we can't give you one". the associates then, did move along with their tasks. that is, until the entitled customer asks... "where is this boombox, i need to buy 8." "they're all gone" replied i. "you're just a little too late." "but i came all this way, i demand you get more" "i have none to give you, they're all headed out the door." at this point i gestured to a store filled carts, many with boomboxes sitting athwart. the customer did harrumph as he walked away, i'd ruined his christmas, i'm sure he would say. on with my duties, i had merch to get out, but soon was paged to another area, where a fistfight had broken out. it seemed that our customer, had hatched an idea, and begun stalking other shoppers with the thought of then stealing. when at last confronted, after 2 successful thefts, he was then punched in the face with a very hard left. voices were raised, many blows were then thrown. the police soon showed up and then all were all gone. edit: wow, gold! thank you anonymous benefactor! okay so this story started out in comments on another post. as i was typing it out, it occurred to me that i should probably just go ahead and make this it's own post so everyone can enjoy! cheers! i was working at my small town grocery store at the time as a lowly cashier. we had these chores we had to do before the end of each shift. my particular chores were facing the medicine aisle (absolute worst chore to have, fuck those tiny boxes), facing the bread, cleaning the bathroom. you get the gist. **the incident in question:** i'm facing this damn medicine aisle, so many boxes, and of course, as i'm straightening the tylenol, some other random boxes fall off the shelf and onto the floor (if you've never had to face the medicine aisle, i suggest you go to your nearest grocery store and try it out just for shits and giggles :d then tell me about it). i turn around to pick up the fallen boxes and there was a little boy, i think he was 7, based on size and communication skills. he was picking up the boxes for me. he said "here miss, you dropped these" and i smiled and thanked him. as he's handing me the boxes, this fucking lady comes barreling down the aisle and screaming at me. she will be referred to as bscl for bat-shit crazy lady. **bscl-** "what the hell do you think you're doing!?!?!" **me-** ".....i'm sorry?" **bscl-** "you heard me! why are you trying to kill my son?" i look at the kid. he looks at me. we both look at his mom, look at the boxes and look at each other again. **me-** "i...i'm not? i dropped these boxes and he was being really sweet and picking them up for me." **bscl-** "no, you're trying to kill my kid!!!!! i will sue your fucking ass!" **me-** *so fucking confused* "ma'am, how exactly am i killing your kid? **bscl-** *screaming at the top of her lungs* "you know exactly what you're doing. get the fuck away from my son!!!!!" i look at the kid again and he's just as baffled as i am. he looks at me and i heard him mumble "i'm really sorry" to me and i felt just so, so bad for this kid. **bscl-** "you probably try to kill kids all the time, don't you! well i've got you now you bitch!" **me-** "i....you know what? yeah, you got me. i kill kids for fun. at my workplace, too. would you like me to get a manager?" **bscl-** "you bet your ass i want to talk to a manager! and after that confession, i'm calling the fucking police after i'm done with your manager!!! you will go to jail for the rest of your life!" **me-** *with a shit eating grin on my face at this point* "oh you bet i will ma'am!" at this point my manager comes around the corner, turns out he was in the next aisle over, practically waiting for his "cue" because he was doubled over with laughter at the sheer ridiculousness. just because i figured it would piss her off even more, i saluted my manager and did a nazi walk all the way back to my register (small store so she could see me the entire way). i could hear the entire interaction, as well as the rest of the store. **bscl-** "your employee is trying to kill my kid! she's a goddamn nazi killer! there's something wrong with her!!! i'm calling the police and i'm suing her and this company if she's not fired. **mgr-** "well, i can't confirm whether or not if the_winter_storm is a nazi, i'm sure not going to fire her. you can go ahead and call the police. i will be waiting for you, and them, at guest services." he promptly walks away. so bat-shit crazy lady calls the police, screaming at the dispatcher that i was trying to kill her kid at the store and management was refusing to help her. police got there in record time, i think. my manager ended up going outside to talk with the police and this woman so i didn't hear the conversation but hey, guess who came to visit me? her kid. he shuffled to my register and this is what happened with us. he'll be referred to as sk for sweet kid. **sk-** "i'm really sorry about my mom. i don't want you to go to jail! it's all my fault!" poor thing actually started crying. **me-** "don't worry buddy, i'm not going to jail. if you want though, you can pick out any candy you want and i'll pay for it myself." at that point his eyes lit up and he grabbed a kit-kat. **sk-** "this is my favorite!" **me-** "awesome! it's my favorite too!" so i rang up his kit-kat and paid for it. he opened it and gave me a piece. **sk-** "here, i want you to have some because you're really nice. and it's your favorite too. can we be best friends?" guys, my heart is made of ice and oh my, he absolutely melted my heart. after this exchange, everyone comes back in and the police take my statement. they kept making off-hand comments directed towards that lady and her being, well, insane. they asked me what the medicine in question had been. **me-** "children's vitamins. they're still on the floor over there if you want to go look." at that point, they glanced at each other and went back outside with the kid. i don't know what actually happened after that but yeah, i kill sweet children, my new best friend at that! for fun and with vitamins made specifically for them because i'm a nazi. hope y'all enjoyed! happy monday! :d edit: fuck! i had an extra word! all better! :di'm at work, getting things cleaned up around my sporting goods counter and put away because i was getting ready to head home soon. an older married couple walks up to the counter in my department and the man asked if i remembered him. he looked vaguely familiar but when you work with several dozen customers a day, it's hard to recall a specific one sometimes. &gt; "i came in a few months ago and bought some 12 gauge shotgun shells y'all had for cheap! do ya have any more? they were in a green box." i thought for a minute and did remember the shells, if not him. *"oh yeah, those! i'm afraid we sold out not long after you got yours and we haven't gotten anymore in since."* &gt; "damn. well, what else do you have? i'm going duck hunting." i tell him to wait a moment and walk down the aisle to get some (in my opinion) decent ammunition. i return with the box and after giving it a once over, he buys it. after i hand him his bag he reaches into his wife's purse and pulls out one of [these]( he then starts loading it at the counter. now, i hadn't heard a peep out of his wife until now. as soon as he started loading the belt, she started fussing at him! &gt; "you can't do that! they'll think you're going to shoot the place up! the police'll come lock you up!" after putting in two or three shells, he gives her a long look and says, &gt; "would you just shut-up? i ain't breaking no laws. he knows (points at me) i ain't gonna do nothing. i ain't even got no gun with me! am i breaking any laws?" *"not to my knowledge, no."* he then resumes loading the belt and while looking her in the eye, starts doing it slower. this apparently was not the response she was looking for. she snatched the bag, the shells and the belt from the counter, grabbed him by the arm, pulled him in close and spoke in a voice that made me glad i wasn't hubby as she started pulling him to the front. &gt;"now listen here, you know i have dinner in the oven at home and if it burns up, you are coming back to this store with those shells in your ass!" i couldn't even wait until i got to the back before i was laughing.today at us/can/aus thrift store, i was working as main cashier. a woman, probably mid to late 30s, we'll call her jan, came to my register with a cart full of board games and activities. &gt;jan: "i'm so sorry! my cart is so full!" &gt;me: "hey, no problem!" &gt;jan: "i took a new position as a social studies teacher for 5th and 6th graders near [local mall] and i needed classroom activities!" now, my store doesn't have a teacher discount or anything. however, history is my favorite subject and my 5th grade teacher and 6th grade social studies teacher both had profound effects on my life, including inspiring me to sit for the ap us history exam last year. &gt;me: "that's awesome! and you're teaching a great subject!" &gt;jan: "very true! and it's a critical age for these kids." &gt;me: "yeah, this is when kids start to love or hate history, so you have a lot of work to do." &gt;jan: "i've got some great projects in mind!" we discuss projects for a little while, and this woman reminds me so strongly of my 6th grade social studies teacher, and i tell her this. &gt;me: "i think your students are absolutely lucky. i think they'd have a hard time not being engaged!" &gt;jan: "oh, thank you so much! that really means a lot! i've been a sub for 8 years and this is the first full time position i've gotten!" unfortunately, i finished ringing her up at this time. &gt;me: [[while making eye contact]] "it looks like my finger... slipped.. over the 20% off button..." [[confirm the discount]] &gt;jan: [[speechless]] "thank you so much, oh my god!" i can see the tears in her eyes. i swipe her card and send her on her way, and this interaction carries me through the rest of the shift i volunteered to take to cover for my best friend. work at petrol station, open 24h. we have a customer who comes in complaining about not getting his disability money in time because the payment office are so "mean" to him. (he gets more money in disability than i earn). he mentions this every. single. time. because of this he often asks if he can fill his tank with petrol now and pay tomorrow. we always say no, but he keeps asking. this guy is weird, and quite fat, and likes to just drive around at night saying that he is so bored. some times he gives us a bottle (here you get money back when you return empty plastic bottles for recycling) and asks to take a piece of candy. he will also ask me if i smoke, wanting me to give him cigarettes for free. the other night he was talking to me, again complaining about not having any money. then he asks me "don't you have any food that is being thrown away that i can have?" i tell him no, i'm not allowed to do that (for obvious reasons) and he just loudly exclaims "yeah, well i guess it is better to let people starve then?!?" so i just look him up and down and say "oh, i'm sure you're not in immediate danger of that happening!" which quite effectively shut him up and made him leave. i hate that creepy bastard. he wears a tank top on the outside of his t-shirt! who does that?so the store i work at closes at 9. starting around 8:50 we go up to customers that are shopping and offer them assistance after telling them we close in 10 minutes. and starting at 9, we do overhead announcements that we're closed. anyway it gets to be 9:15 and this woman and her daughter are still walking around. i go up to them and, politely as possible, tell them we're closed. the mom turns to me and starts talking in spanish about how she doesn't understand me. now i had just heard her talking in english to her daughter, who was conveniently pretending not to listen. i then put on my trusty retail smile and said "estamos cerrados". the look on her and her daughter's face was amazing :) she grumbled on her way to the register and grumbled on the way out. what did she think was gonna happen? that we'd let her stay past closing just because she doesn't know english? seriously? also, this store is in texas. it would take me all of two seconds to find an employee that can speak spanish. also did i actually say "we're closed" correctly? google says i'm right but it's not the best at translating. i wanna know if my high-school level spanish is as good as i now think it is. i was cashiering at a grocery store a few years back when i got to experience this exchange. i had an elderly black gentleman at my register, and the cashier behind me had a woman with her toddler in the cart. the toddler had a very light sunburn, barely noticeable, but the woman was bemoaning about how her "poor child" had to deal with "such a terrible sunburn" and how it was such a burden for her. when she finally paused, the gentleman at my register said loudly, "yeah, i've been trying to get rid of my sunburn my whole life!" the woman and other cashier froze, but i thought it was so funny i dropped whatever i was scanning trying to hold in laughter. it didn't help when he pointed at me and said "yeah, she got it!" he left with a huge grin and a tip of his baseball hat, and us cashiers had a few moments of chuckling before the next customer came up.i was telling a friend about my time working in normal retail when i remembered this happening; at the time, i was working at a second hand electronics shop, and a day prior, a colleague had sold a digital camera to a woman, i noticed her come in to the shop with the camera in hand, and because my colleague was out at the time, i decided to offer my assistance. she wanted to know how to use the functions of the camera, but it didn't come with an instruction book, however, the website offered downloadable versions of it. &gt;me: "oh, see, if you just go here and click here, you can download the instructions as a pdf file." &gt;lady: "i beg your pardon?!" &gt;me: "oh, a pdf is-" &gt;lady: "you're telling me to download a paedophile?!" &gt;me: "no, a pdf file, portable document for-" but before i could finish, she stormed off, leaving me and the staff at the counter at the time laughing incredulously.after racking up the years in customer service, i have perfected my bubbly, *butter wouldn't melt in my mouth* customer service persona. retail smile? check. feigned empathy and concern towards rude customers? check. however, i was not prepared for this encounter... now, i am naturally a morning person. thus, my boss usually sticks me on super early opening shifts. i always warmly greet everyone, regardless of the time of day. i clearly was not prepared for the grouch (g). *grouch walks in at 7 am.* &gt; me: good morning, ma'am! *retail smile* how are-- &gt; g: people like you should be shot. &gt; me: i'm sorry?? *(yes, i am canadian and the word sorry is very near and dear to my heart.)* &gt; g: i am not a morning person and i don't want anyone talking to me before 12 pm! so, don't speak to me. &gt; me: uh, okay... o.o and off she went! of course, i apologized profusely to the retail gods. what had i done to receive such hostility at 7 in the morning?! some customers never fail to amuse me. hehe....nice woman on black friday. i was the backup cashier for a big name bookstore on black friday. i opened the store at 8 am, expecting the worst because of the groups of people at either end of the store. however, it stayed relatively quiet for this most auspicious day of the year. i was walking around in the toys and games section, which was bogo 50% off, and spy this young but petite woman trying to lug around a ton of elf on the shelf accessories (books, clothes, dolls) which are not part of the sale. like a good retail slave, i notify her of the sale, and then i ask her if i can hold those items for her at the register. she thanks me politely for the assistance, gets excited about the deals, and gets back to shopping. i pass her again about 10 minutes later, and she's got another armload which i also take back to the register. i do this about four more times (no exaggeration she had a ton of toys). when she was finally ready to check out, she comes to my till. i eye the pile of goodies nervously, and ask her if its ok to ring these items up in separate transactions. she had gotten two of everything: two play tents, to of the learning touch globes, two elephants, two lions, to tigers...oh wait that's noah. well you get the gist. she had a ton. the "smart computer" would only get her bogo on the cheapest items, some $5 packs of math dice, instead of buy one $140 globe get the next $140 globe %50 off. she agrees to do separate transactions to get her the best deal. since i'm going to be with her for a while, chat her up. when she tells me that she's not buying these gifts for her or her children but for the children of some underprivileged kids from a nearby shelter. i was incredibly touched. she was so patient and sweet through the whole thing. not in a rush like so many other black friday deal vultures. she even got the store membership that we offer to get her even more of a discount! yay for reaching my quota on the first transaction. in the end she spend about $624. none of it on herself. since she has to make several trips out to her car i help her load it up. and she gives me a $20 tip. insane. it made my day. people like her are the reason i come to work. good patient people. firstly, i would like to send out my heartfelt thanks to everyone who responded with advice and indignation on my behalf over this incident. seriously, you guys are all awesome. for anyone who hasn't read about what shall henceforth be known as "the incident" in my memory banks you can read it [here.]( today, or i suppose yesterday as it is well past midnight now, i got a call back into the office to speak with our dm on the phone. what had apparently happened, and was misinterpreted by my gm, was that the complaint was forwarded to him and he just forwarded it to our store. he had never actually read what the complaint was outside of "customer was humiliated and insulted" so he wanted immediate action taken. still really shitty response but it is what it is. he apologized to me profusely for several minutes before telling me that the write-up was to be rescinded and that no disciplinary action would be on my employment file for this. i have to say i am still feeling all warm and fuzzy several hours after listening to him eat crow over this. he is normally such a jerk. it was lovely. i did make a point to tell the dm that my managers shouldn't be punished for following his direction. this was me unashamedly covering of my own ass. i need this job and i won't have them thinking i was trying to get them in trouble despite the fact that if it hadn't been handled the way it was i would have done my best to crucify them. i will fully recognize and acknowledge that it was an act to mollify my managers. my asm and gm have both apologized to me as well. hr must have jumped right on this because i really wasn't expecting to hear anything about it for a few weeks yet. i did tell them that i understood their need to write me up after a direct e-mail from the dm but that i was hurt that i was chastised for going my job. asm told me that she understood how i felt and that she would feel the same way, though the gm didn't seem to have much to say about it at all outside of being sorry that all this happened. i still think they should have told me it was a shit complaint when they talked to me the first time but it has happened so i'm letting it go. i will give my own apology to those who so very much wanted me to fight this harder than i did and for leaving it at this. i got the outcome i really wanted. an admission of wrongdoing and an apology. i have a two year old who is growing faster than i can keep clothes on her and i need to be able to support her. as much as i hate my company, i need this job and i really can't afford to piss off the people who make my schedule. they have back tracked so quickly and i am feeling some serious righteous vindication. this had actually turned out so much better than i thought it would. thank you again to all of you.i worked in the electronics department of a major retailer, which meant i often had to deal with purchases that could only be rung up at the electronics register. no way we'd let someone walk around with expensive merchandise before paying for it. sometimes, however, people would come to electronics to check out because they didn't want to wait in the normal line. usually this pissed me off because if a "help needed in the [game console] aisle" alert goes off, i'm busy ringing up someone that couldn't be bothered to wait in the normal line. it's a slower part of the morning in electronics, and i see an elderly chinese man waiting near the electronics cash register. after asking him if i could help with an electronics purchase, he smiled and said he just needs to buy a pack of gum. normally i'd be a little irked, but it was slow and this man seemed genuinely nice. after ringing up the purchase i hand him his change. he looks at it, pauses for a second, and the conversation goes like this: &gt; customer: perhaps i could have newer bills? ones that are more crisp? &gt; me: (after a pause) ... yeah, sure. let me see what i can dig out. i'm not sure why he wants newer bills, they're still worth the same amount. i'm guessing he sees the look on my face. &gt; c: it's for chinese new year. money for my grandchildren. otherwise i wouldn't care what condition it's in. &gt; m: ohhhhh, ok! yeah, i think i have some newer bills. what animal is it the year of? &gt; c: the ox. &gt; m: i think i'm an ox, i was born in 85. at this point the man's face lights up. &gt; c: very good! you'll have amazing luck this year! we talk a bit more about it, the man is so delighted that he got his new bills and was able to talk about chinese new year with someone that knew very little about it. by far my best one on one with a guest ever. hey first story :) working at a large fast food chain. today 2 customers come in. they had a coupon ''buy one sausage and egg, get a second free''. now the problem with this couple isn't the fact their coupon is over 4 months out of date, it's how they treated me. now i'm not managing, so i decide it's best to just ask the manager on shift if it's okay they still get their free one. i go to tell the couple that i'm just asking my manager ''no, we always get it free. always, we took a stack of the magazine with the coupon and you always give it to us free you obviously don't know who we are. you don't have to ask newbie''. i'm not new, i'm usually just in drive thru. i tell them that i'm asking my manager anyway. manager says it's cool. ''okay so that's, 2 sausage and egg and one is free so $4'' the woman looks angry ''wrong wrong wrong, we want 3 not two'' of course, i'm used to awful customers ''okay $8'' ''no wrong, we just gave you a coupon!'' ''it's a coupon for one free with every purchase. one free sausage and egg per customer per day'' ''yes, so?'' ''that means you have to purchase your other one'' ''but i gave you a coupon!'' ''it says buy one get one free. you can only have one free'' ''lair, i want my 2 free ones. don't you try to cheat me out of this newbie, i want 3''. ''there is 3, you still have to pay for 2 of them'' ''why are you being so ridiculous?! i have a coupon'' finally, i go and fish the coupon out the bin and show her ''see, buy one get one free'' ''i don't see why you can't just give me another for free'' ''because i was actually being nice by giving you the free one anyway with your out of date coupon'' ''you're new, so it's fine i'll pay for two''so short and sweet, i work in an australian hardware store where we have a timber cutting service. so a gentlemen comes up to me asking if he could have his plywood cut down to 40x25. sure that's fine, and i cut it down for him assuming he meant centimeters as he indicated on one of the lengths with his tape measure. anyway turns out what i cut wasn't right and the customer wasn't satisfied. so i show him clearly that i cut it to 40cm by 25cm as he had indicated to which he grabs my tape measure and measures out... 40 centimeters by 25 inches sometimes the customer is wrong.i've worked in and out of retail for a number of years now and i've collected a number of stories. i currently work for a retailer specializing in toys, and most of the time it's the best job i've ever had! sometimes though there are people who are out to make our lives miserable. on one particular occasion my coworker and i were excited to see a sudden rush of customers carrying large boxes from a certain popular brand of construction blocks. it had been a relatively slow day money-wise and the toys were expensive, so that many large sales in a row would really boost our day's sales figures. i happily start scanning in the first customer's items while my coworker gets out some of the big bags to fit the items in, then i tell the customer the total... **then all hell breaks loose.** &gt; (customer 1) what?!?! that's not right! it's supposed to be on sale! &gt; (me *confused*) i don't think so... we don't have a catalog on at the moment and there's no sale ticket on the item. &gt; (customer 1) don't you know anything! it's supposed to be 30% of "brand toy" today! at this point the customers that had been lining up behind customer 1 have slowly moved forward and are encircling the counter. you can practically see the hysteria start to spread as they clutch their large sets. they want that discount and are in full support of customer 1. my coworker and i share a glance because this situation is not looking good and we know damn well that there's no sale on "brand toy". our store is an individual owned retailer and rarely ever does general discounts on product ranges, and that particular brand only ever gets given a general discount in the boxing day sales. &gt; (me) are you sure it's our store doing the sale? "big department store" next door has a toy section and they often do big general sales. &gt; (customer 1) yes it's your store! the guy said it was this store!! the surrounding customers chime in with their agreement and my ears prick up. &gt; (me) the guy? what guy? &gt; (customer 1 *exasperated*) the guy! the one standing down in the "brand toy" section. he said it's "brand toy's" 30th birthday and so "toy retailer" is doing 30% off all "brand toy" for one day only! my coworker and i look at each other again. i can tell the same thing is going through both of out minds. **wtf!** at this point i turn to try and address all the customers present. there was about eight of them all surrounding the counter. &gt; (me) i'm sorry but there seems to be a misunderstanding here. neither our store, nor "brand toy" have a representative standing in the "brand toy" section. that guy has no authority to give out the discounts he's claiming are available. i'm afraid you've fallen for a hoax. there's a pause as this news starts to sink in and i start to relax. surely logic will prevail and the customers will realize that they have been tricked, through no fault of ours... yeah, and maybe we'll all laugh and hug and start singing some weird little song showing how today we've learned not to believe the promises of random strangers /s &gt; (customer 1) you still have to give me the discount though! &gt; (me *caught off guard*) ... what? &gt; (customer 1 *standing straight and smiling smugly*) you still have to give me the discount. it's false advertising otherwise. some of the other customers at this point have left their "brand toy" on the counter and left, but there's about three more desperate ones clinging on to customer 1's new argument in the hopes that they can still get 30% off their sets. &gt; (me) but... **we're** not the ones that are advertising. some random guy is. &gt; (customer 1) but we couldn't have known that! it's advertising in your store, so you have to honor it! &gt; (me *shake head in disbelief*) no, it doesn't work like that. some random guy telling you that you get 30% off "brand toy" does **not** mean you get 30% off "brand toy". otherwise we'd have someone in here every day giving out random discounts. &gt; (customer 1 *losing confidence*) but...but the guy said! &gt; (me) the guy lied! &gt; (customer 1) this is outrageous! you can't treat your customers like this! &gt; (me) i'm sorry, there's really nothing i can do. customer 1 slams his "brand toys" on the counter and starts to storm out. &gt; (customer 1) i'll be calling consumer affairs about you! you've just lost yourselves a good sale! he stormed out kind of slowly, as if he expected us to relent at those last words and give him the discount. i just shrugged and turned back to my remaining customers. with their fearless leader gone, they were starting to see their cause was futile. they piled up their "brand toy" on the counter and started to leave as well. a couple gave some half-hearted threats about not returning but they left peacefully enough. my coworker stepped forward to put down the phone she'd picked up. she'd been standing behind me ready to call security the whole time in case the customers turned ugly. annoyed with the whole situation i left my coworker with the stacked "brand toy" and stormed down the aisle to the "brand toy" section. there was no one there. i had a look around the shop but it seems that the argument at the counter had scared off all our other customers, stupid troll customer included. sure i can laugh about it now, but at that moment i was **not** a happy person. **edit:** apparently i'm allowed to say the toy that everyone was after, which was lego. this is only my second post on reddit and i wasn't sure if the "no names" rule applied to brands. however, i've been told that the "no names" only applies to the business that the story occurs in to protect identities etc. on this particular day, i'm on cash. i'm in the middle of talking to this lovely woman about her purchases and i have a small line of 2 people behind her, waiting patiently. this late 20's guy walks up to my register, shoves a hat in my face and says "price?" i scan the item to give him the price but before handing it back to him i scold him by saying "next time i'm going to ask you to hop in line because you just jumped in front of 2 people." he looked so ashamed! he muttered sorry and sulked off. about 20 minutes later he came back up, waited patiently behind another person and when it was his turn he apologized profusely for his previous misdemeanour. old dogs, new tricks etc. hello everyone! i am back from the gym with another tale. i was working yesterday (being the good co-worker i am, i offered to cover this shift last minute) and had a lovely encounter with a seriously deluded woman (sdw): *i was at the desk doing my thing when a middle aged lady approached me.* &gt; sdw: nepotismx, i need your help!!!!!!! &gt; me: sure, what can i help you with? &gt; sdw: i just dropped my phone in one of the toilets. it's in toilet #3!! &gt; me: *slight confusion.* oh no...?? ??? ?? &gt; sdw: yes!!! i will come with you and show you so you can get it for me! &gt; me: uhm, i can tell my manager, but i am unable to get the phone myself. &gt; sdw: what?? why not? you work here, so go get for me." &gt; me: i am not comfortable doing that, and it is not one of my job duties. however, i will be sure to let the manager know. she became irritated and said i was giving her bad customer service. thankfully my boss got to deal with the situation.i work at a grocery store. as many of you know, most stores can't accept more than a few dollars in change, as they can't fit it all in the till. we have a coinstar in our store for this reason, or if you go to the service counter, we will happily roll it for you, or give you change in bills. que guy walking up to my register with $20 worth of food. i ring him out, and tell him his total. he then takes out 5 little baggies of change, all mixed up. i'm not sure i can take this much, so i call over my service lead. me:can i take this much change? sl: no, our till won't hold it and you won't be able to count it in a timely manner. guy:it's legal tender, you have to take it! sl: unfortunately, if it can't be counted and put in tills in a timely manner, we do have the right to refuse it, as we are a private business. i can take you over to the service counter and give you bill for that, if you'd like. guy: no! i wanna pay with this cash here! get me your manager! me:*heavy internal sigh, knowing this guy is going to be a huge jackass and make a huge scene and block my till for at least 10 minutes* manager:what seems to be the problem? guy: she won't take my money! it's legal tender! *points to the messy bags* manager:i'm sorry sir, but we can't accept this. guy: it's legal tender! manager: a private business can accept and refuse some tender. guy:*turning red* its legal tender!!! i'm calling the cops! manager:if you wish. [me], go help [coworker] stock for a while. guy: no! she has to stay here! she needs to be fired! so, i go help stock, and i'm still up front, so i know what happens. guy calls the cops, bitches about "it's legal tender!" and then get's arrested for creating a public disturbance. i hate the "it's legal tender" bullshit. i can't fit $10 worth of pennies in my drawer. my till is not a tardis or mary poppins' handbag, it will not fit a million coins. so fuck you, and everyone else who can't walk the extra 5 steps to the service counter to get proper change. i used to work at [video game store]. i was working a solo shift at this time. there we had a section of older used or slightly damaged but still playable games fro $5 each or $3 each if you buy 5 or more. well, a man came in and decided to buy pretty much all of them - well over 60 games. while i was ringing him out and putting the games in the cases, a father(f) and son(s) walk in. the son looks to be in his teens, at least 16. they sort of sidestep to the register, effectively blocking the man buying the discount games. &gt;f: we are looking for blahblah game. &gt;me: give me just a moment to finish this transaction and i will be right with you. &gt;s: but i need blahblah game now! (yes, his voice was as whiny as you are thinking.) &gt;me: and i will be happy to help as soon as i am finished with this gentleman. &gt;f: we are already at the register! he shouldn't have move! he lost his spot in line! i look at the customer and he simply rolls his eyes and shakes his head. &gt;s: get me what i want, now! &gt;f: i demand you let us buy our game first! his transaction is going to take too long! &gt;me: no. i will finish his transaction and then i will deal with you. now please step away from my counter. that is when they decide to leave but not before kicking a glass display and putting a crack in it. yelled after them that they were now banned from the store. manager had my back when he came in later that day.at my gas station, we allow customers to pump their gas before they pay. that's somewhat unusual in america, and our non-regulars don't always understand. it's a normal day, and i'm the only one working the register. our buzzer chimes, indicating that a customer outside is requesting to pump then pay inside. i look outside to see who it is, authorize it, and acknowledge them via intercom. &gt;me: "welcome to [regional gas station chain]. i'll see you inside when you're done fueling, pump 3." i go back to ringing up customers. i didn't realize that a drama was unfolding outside until a customer said, &gt;"um- there's a woman outside trying to get your attention." i look, and see the old woman standing outside her car, reaching through her driver's side window, and blaring the horn. oh dear god. thanks to my retail mind-reading powers, i immediately knew she was angry. but there are customers waiting, i can't leave and go outside. she has to come inside if she wants to ~~talk to~~ yell at me. guess what, she does. &gt;old lady: "are you going to activate the pump for me or not?!" &gt;me: "uh-" &gt;old lady: "it's like, you see me waving my arms! you heard the horn! hello?? wake up!!" i did hear the horn, but i thought it was coming from the road. it's all just background noise after a while, you know? &gt;me: "i authorized you to pump when you pressed the pay inside button. you're able to start fueling at any time." &gt;old lady: "no you didn't, the numbers on the screen still say $10.00! i'm not paying for someone else's gas!" enter my assistant manager, who is good at handling people if nothing else. &gt;am: "the pump doesn't reset to zero until you start fueling. it's state law. that way you always know you start at zero. until then it displays the previous transaction. here, let me help you." he goes outside with her and helps her with the gas pump. when he comes back inside he says, &gt;am: "when that woman comes inside to pay, she's going to apologize to you. try to be as nice as possible." remarkably, she actually does. &gt;old lady: "i want to apologize. i raised my voice and made a scene. no one deserves to be treated like that." &gt;me: "it's okay-" &gt;old lady: "no, it's not okay. i shouted at you when i shouldn't have. but i'm glad to know that you accept my apology." uh, ok. i finish her transaction, and life goes on. never thought i'd see an angry customer do such a 180° like that. my assistant manager is the real mvp. tl;dr: titlehello lovelies! this is my first post to this subreddit, so forgive me for formatting issues and such. so, onto the story! i used to work at a martial arts club, but the master was the overly religious type and i simply couldn't stand him anymore. nice guy and all, but i just couldn't take it. i quit that job and now work at a famous hardware supply store, which is perfect for me since i'm a pretty big guy (6'3" and 215 pounds, if i did those conversions right. canadian). i enjoy the job, but we do get a lot of... well. those customers. this story isn't exactly about that. so the store had just opened and i'm already helping people with their items (getting things off shelves, cutting wood, etc.) when i hear a loud crash from the aisle where we keep all of our nails, screws, bolts and other small, metal objects that are hard to clean up. i go to investigate and find six children running around the aisle, knocking down shelves full of nails and screws which were now all over the floor. needless to say this is a hazard, so i tell them to get away from there. and then the mother... hoo boy. their mother, who was a rather large woman, began to rail at me while walking over that i can't tell her kids what to do and that it's her responsibility. &gt;me: well that's fine ma'am, but can you please tell them to- &gt;her: no! they can play if they want! i was about to leave it, until i heard the sound that we all probably dread in a hardware store, one of the kids is crying. he couldn't have been older than 4 or 5, and he had a 3 inch nail embedded in his arm. he had fallen while playing. i frantically get another employee to call 911 while putting pressure on it. &gt;her: how could you have been such an idiot?! you let my baby get hurt!! i attempt to ignore her while i calm the kid down, but she will not stop yelling. &gt;me: ma'am, i need you to please calm down, you're scaring the chi- &gt;her: shut up! i'm suing this store once the paramedics get here! i was 110% done with her at this point and i honestly remember her saying a whole bunch of other crazy stuff that i won't go into detail about because this was 2 weeks ago. needless to say, nothing ever came of her lawsuit. in fact i believe she was fined or something for criminal negligence? not sure really. this was my first story out of many, i hope the formatting wasn't too terrible!i used to work as the assistant manager in a small computer store where the management had to be at the store 30 minutes before it opened to get everything ready for the day. about 20 minutes before the store opens a guy tries the door which of course was locked. he immediately starts pounding on the door and signalling for me to come over. i casually walk over to the door and through the closed door i politely explain that the store won't be open for another 20 minutes and asked him to come back then. this just set him off for some reason or another and the next words out of his mouth are "just open the fucking door." somehow i kept my cool and i again politely explain that we are not yet open and that i would be happy to help him if he came back after the store was open. he replies "i just need to buy a fucking laptop bag, open the fucking door right now." i explain that we haven't yet prepared the store to accept sales and that he would have to wait until the store was open. he replies with "that's fucking bullshit. just let me in." at this point i'm the only one in the store and there was no way in hell i was going to let him in for any reason. i finally told him that i wasn't able to help him and started to walk away. he starts yelling again "you expect me to fucking come back after you wouldn't let me in?" i turned around and calmly said "i'd prefer you didn't" then walked back to continue prepping the store. he slams his hand on the glass door, yells "fuck you!" at me then gets into his pickup truck and burns out of the parking lot.first time poster! i work in an auto parts store with a small tools section, this happened probably 2 months ago now. i was tidying shelves in the center of the shop when a customer comes up and informs me that some teenagers seem to be trying to steal something in the paint aisle (back corner of the shop). i laughed and said "not for long". i moved down and started tidying the aisle next to paints where i could hear them whispering and making a lot of noise with whatever they're doing. i notice them start to leave and rush into the aisle finding a pack of ratchet spanners with 4 missing stashed behind some 4l cans of thinners. i grab the packet and run out of the shop with the intention to just get their licence plate and this is what happened. me = m shoplifter = s shoplifters friend = sf i noticed they were only halfway across the carpark. m: hey, excuse me! s: uhh, yes..? m: weirdest thing! this pack of spanners you were looking at is missing some... s: oh...i didn't take them m: no no! i never said you did but its so weird because they were like stashed behind some cans on paint... s: oh...umm..the rest are there too m: are they?? i couldn't see them! do you think you could come back in and show me where they are? s: uhh... yea okay so at this point they both willingly follow me back in and once inside the shop sf: this is f×××ing ridiculous! i have better f×××ing things to do than f+++ around in this s×××hole! m: it's okay, this won't take long we make it back into the paint aisle and i'm standing about 30cm away from s. he leans over pretending to look behind the cans and tries to sneakily take the spanners out of his pants and hands them to me. m: wow! what a strange place for them to be!! so its probably best you leave right now and don't come back. i told coworker 1 who then told the owner in the hopes i'd be commended. owner: shinxthecat, i heard you stopped a shoplifter m: oh, yea....there's no shoplifting on my watch owner: hmm, i bet coworker 2 and 3 wouldn't do that m: haha, yea...probably not moral of the story? sarcasm overpowers thievery.i've worked in customer service for 10 years and i've had a billion bad/angry/etc customer experiences. the one thing i've learned over the years is to kill them with kindness when everything else fails. at the end of every encounter, i always close with &gt;"i hope your day gets better!" sometimes they snap out of their power trip and apologize. so this young guy walks into our shop, probably about 19/20 and is trying to buy alcohol. as per protocol i asked him for id. he hands over a driving licence and i look at it. &gt; me: sir, i can't accept this &gt;him: why not? &gt; me: well, much as i would like to believe you are a 45 year old woman, i can't accept id that clearly doesn't belong to you. i return (ft. cute children once more). a couple weeks ago, the cutest little kid came into the fast food place where i work, and (since all of us scheduled are female), we all converged on the small one. me: oh he's so cute! how old is he? kid's dad: he's two. (cue small child. i wave at child, who comes with a wave back function pre-installed. very cute.) me: aww he's so cute. the father and i talk for a bit and he asks me my name. me: oh i'm firelight2 my manager: (to the kid) do you think she's pretty? (small child nods) would you like her as your girlfriend? (child nods vigorously) she laughs as she gives him his small fry and says: here you go. to me, she says, now you can't deny having a boyfriend. he's a regular and comes in all the time now. (he gave me a random screw he found on the floor. and i gave him a nugget.) so i thought y'all would enjoy hearing about my small 2 year old "boyfriend" who comes with a pre-installed wave back function, is very small, and gives nice hugs. edit: to make it clearer, the kid gave me the screw he found on the floor, not the father. (sorry. i am confusing.) and yes, i am the one from "stop flirting, she has a boyfriend". ~so i'm a cake decorator at new england supermarket. today a woman walked into the bakery with one of the most adorable kids i've ever seen (and i don't like kids.) the woman says she needs to order a cake for monday morning. no problem-o, i walk them through the ordering process. the woman seems a bit self-centered and has a bit of an attitude, but nothing too major. &gt;me: what flavor cake would you like? we have vanilla, chocolate, marble, or we can do half chocolate half vanilla. &gt;woman (to her kid): what kinda cake you want? &gt;little girl: chocolate cake! \*big smile* &gt;woman: \*makes a face* chocolate cake? i don't want chocolate cake. we'll do vanilla. &gt;me: you could do a half chocolate half vanilla cake. &gt;woman: \*scrunches her nose* fine, we'll do that. a few minutes pass as we discuss what sort of frosting and decoration they want on the cake. the woman asserts many times that she doesn't want chocolate frosting. then, out of nowhere... &gt;woman: i changed my mind, we're getting an all vanilla cake. no chocolate. &gt;little girl: but mommy-- &gt;woman: no! i don't want no chocolate cake! &gt;little girl: \*saddest fucking face ever, but says nothing* &gt;me: \*forced smile* it's really no problem to do half-and-half cakes, we do them all the time. there's plenty of vanilla cake in them. &gt;woman: nah, nah, just vanilla. as we finish the order, the kid is completely defeated. she doesn't complain or anything, despite being only 6 years old or so. i can tell this isn't the first time mom's pulled something like this. i'll be the one making this cake on monday. you bet your ass i'm gonna "screw it up" and make it half vanilla half chocolate, consequences be damned. at first i thought it could be allergy related, but it was clearly a case of mom being a narcissistic bitch. worst case scenario, they get the cake for free and the little girl actually gets the birthday cake she wanted. \*edit*: i've decided to make the cake vanilla as ordered and give the little girl a free chocolate cupcake instead. that way momzilla can have her cake and the poor little girl can eat her's too. [part 2](roll back to when i worked at $fastfood end of the night, just before graveyard crew rolls in. $shiftmanager has disassembled our frap machine and is cleaning it. this machine is fairly simple in operation, but a bitch to clean. we put ice in the top, it chew it up, and spits it into a cup after mixing it with the coffee flavor goo. lots of little parts and tubes involved. **********ding************ me: welcome to my personal hell, how my i help you? $oblivious: yes, i'd like to have an iced mocha. me: sure thing, that'll be $price$ ************************************* *note:* we served a drink called a mocha frap, which we couldn't make, and would not be able to make for at least 45 minutes since the machine was in pieces and being cleaned. we also served a drink called an iced mocha, which is iced coffee with chocolate and diabeetus in it. that's what this guy ordered, but apparently not what he wanted. *************************************** guy pulls to the window, i hand him his coffee, and smiles, then looks at his drink and frowns. $oblivious: i don't think i ordered this. $me: i'm sorry about that, just to make sure, what was it that you ordered? $oblivious: iced mocha $me: that is this the iced mocha sir. iced coffee with mocha. a few minutes of [this]( and my manager gets off the floor where she's cleaning out the bottom portion of the machine housing, and asks what's up. guy looks at her and asks for an iced mocha $no-bullshitmanager: sir that is the iced mocha, i watched him make it, no mistakes were made. $oblivious: oh okay. ***then he parks his car and walks inside*** guy walks up, and doesn't seem to recognize either of us, the only two employees in the front of the store (second manager was in back handling paperwork) $oblivious: i wanted an iced mocha, i think a mistake was made. $nbm: sir, that's the only kind of drink that we serve right now that is both iced, and is a mocha. $oblivious: no it's not! i wanted my ice crushed and mixed in! all frothy like! nbm: sir, that would be a mocha frappe. that machine is down right now, i'm cleaning it, we are physically unable to make it for you. $oblivious: well, i wanted an iced mocha and now it's all warm and the ice has melted! $nbm: /u/williamthev, make him another one (she said that in a tone that read as "i want him the fuck out, this guy's a dumbass) i make him the iced coffee, and hand it to him. he now has two ice mochas. he looks at his iced coffee, and he looks at us. $oblivious: but i wanted it with all the ice crushed up and stuff, the frapp thing you said! $nbm: sir, do you see all these parts i'm cleaning right here, in front of you? these are the parts for the machine that crushes the ice and mix it with the coffee goo. we're not making any of those for at least 45 minutes to an hour. $oblivious: oooooh, okay. but can't you just make the one with the crushed ice? i want a refund! $nbm: no. we've already made you two drinks. we physically cannot make a frap or smoothie. no refund for you. then he just pouted and walked out. at my store, we don't have the option of choosing to run cards as credit or debit on our machines. if customers use a debit card and want to run it as credit, they swipe the card, and a screen pops up in the pinpad asking for their pin, with a button on the side that says "credit" if they want to run it as credit. i get a few people every day telling me to run their cards as credit, and i just tell them to hit the button, and there is no issue. lady comes to check out. late 20s, early 30s. i ring her up, tell her the total. "this is credit," she says. "oh, just swipe your card and hit the credit button when it asks for your pin, i can't run it as credit on my computer." she swipes her card and the pin screens comes up. she pauses. "i said credit." "yes, just hit the credit button on the left-" ignoring me, she types in her pin and hits accept. "i said credit, you know." "you just have to hit the credit button, i can't chose on my computer." "i. said. credit!" she takes her bag and storms off, leaving me terribly, terribly confused.several years ago, i was the sales manager at a dealership for well known american made motorcycle. one day, i was walking through the motorcycles on the showroom floor. i did this every day to make sure the correct price tags were hanging from the handlebar, and to see if any of the bikes needed some attention from the detail guy. on this particular day, the dealership looked empty. this was pretty normal for a winter weekday, but it was ghost town empty. while i was in the middle of all of the motorcycles, i suddenly felt the need to pass gas. i thought nothing of it, beings the dealership looked empty... so, i let it go. the dealership wasn't empty. somehow, a customer had come through the doors unnoticed, and was crouched down in between a couple of the motorcycles, looking at the engine. nobody saw him... including me. when i let out what can only be described as a duck call, his head popped up like a gopher out of his hole. no expression... no laughter... just uncomfortably awkward eye contact. i proceeded to walk over to my office, and instructed one of my sales guys to take care of the surprise guest. he ended up purchasing one, and i (being the s.m.) took care of finalizing the deal, and doing his financial paperwork. nothing was said regarding my temporary indiscretion during this entire process. when the sale was finalized, and the customer was the happy owner of a brand new american made motorcycle, i shook his hand and told him congratulations. it was at that moment, he looked me square in the eye and said, "i heard that." he then gave a crooked smile, and went on his happy way.i used to work at a small supermarket, and i didn't like one of the supervisors, who we'll call 'birdie', thanks to this incident. anyway, it was an incredibly busy time of the day, there were stacks and stacks of customers all lining up at once with their trolleys. i was ordering change for my drawer, because i had been asked to serve, and the person who was on there before me didn't order anything. i had a few $20.00 notes and a couple of fivers. anyway, this lady comes up to me and asks if i'm open, i say "sorry, i'm not open right now, i need to order the change for this register first. you're welcome to wait if you want, it won't take longer than five minutes." the lady smiled, said "no, that's okay dear, i'll line up somewhere else." just as she's walking away birdie storms up to me and yells. birdie: "exactly what are you doing!? it's busy and you're not open." i tried to explain, but no, birdie would not have that at all. "nope, no excuses. you listen here: you have a job to do and that job is to serve customers." she turned to the lady. "excuse me miss, she will serve you right now. i'm sorry." birdie then shook her head at me and stormed back to the fast lane. the lady smiled at me and started loading her items. i asked her if she had a card on her, and she explained that she only had cash. i smiled when she handed over her money and i couldn't give her the right change. i called birdie over the speakers and when she got there she asked what i'd done wrong. i told her that i didn't have enough change. birdie: "why didn't you check for change earlier?" me: "i did, but you told me to serve." i wish that i could properly explain the expression on her face. her eyes widened comically before she gained composure. she apologised to the customer for the trouble and took her to another register. for the rest of that shift, birdie would avoid having any contact with me. i just found this sub, and i'm so excited to be able to share my stories with people who will understand! sorry about the format, i'm on my tablet. i work at a big chain craft and hobby store, i specifically work in the framing and fabric departments. this store has weekly sales and the merchandise that goes on sale usually alternates every other week. (which is super annoying because customers don't understand why they can't have an item for 50% off this week when they know it'll be 50% off next week.) so, last week i was working in the framing department and helping a customer pick a custom frame. then another customer (henceforth dubbed "rude guy") came up with some posters that needed framing and started walking through the ready-made frames available. then the rude guy came over and interrupted us. me=me and rg=rude guy rg: are you telling me these (pointing to the ready made wall frames) aren't on sale this week? me: no sir, the open back frames and shadowboxes are on sale this week. i'll be happy to help you in just a minute. rg: so these (pointing to the wall frames) aren't ready made frames? me: yes sir, they are ready made frames, if they're aren't built by us personally then they are considered ready made frames. this guy is speaking pretty aggressively, so my current customer said she would wait while i helped answer the rude guy's questions. she's a nice lady. rg: the ad said these frames are on sale this week. me: those frames were on sale last week; this week the open back frames and shadowboxes are on sale. maybe you saw last week's ad by mistake? rg: i just looked it up online! me: i'm sorry for the confusion, sir. but the wall frames aren't on sale this week, the open back frames and shadowboxes are. the wall frames go on sale very frequently, so you can check back next week. rg: (pulls up the sales ad on his phone) see! it says ready made frames 50% off! me: sir, it says ready made open back frames and ready made shadowboxes are on sale. these are classified as ready made wall frames, and they're not on sale this week. rg: you guys are a bunch of fucking lying bitches! me (sounding super chipper): oh, well okay then! rg: i'll just go spend my money at (name of competitive store)! me: i'm sure they'll enjoy having you there just as much as i have! (big fake smile) resume pleasant interaction with nice lady customer who called corporate and gave me a glowing review. my favorite part of these types of exchanges are how they think they're going to hurt my feelings by saying they're going to go shop somewhere else. really, i'm devastated. edit: formattingso back when i worked in the electronics dept. of a regional supermarket chain, i encountered some interesting people. figured i'd share here. first one will be brief. woman comes in carrying what appears to be a cell phone. she says the battery is dead and she needs a new one. we don't sell cellphone batteries and i told her so. she decides to hand me the phone so i can check. i flip it to the back after fiddling around with it for a while and find it does take double aa batteries. i was shocked, but just kinda shrugged it off. i go pick her up some and ring her out, she decides to put the batteries in on the spot. oh, she also decided to finally tell me she handed me a stun gun meant to look like a cellphone. it still had some juice too. so if handing an unknowing person a dangerous weapon isn't bad enough, she decides to test to see if the batteries work in the store. she fires off the stun gun before i even have a chance to stop her and the entire department just goes quiet at the loud "crack". best part was that loss prevention(security) was standing in the area too and came running over. i don't think she was allowed back in the store. tldr; woman comes in, hands me a stun gun without telling me, and then proceeds to make sure it works again by firing it off in the store. it was a slow day at my gas station. customers were few and far between as i ran the register. my intercom beeps, informing me that the customer on pump #5 need help. i press the button and give a cheery &gt; me: "what can i do for you today?" &gt; intercom: "there's something wrong with my pump. can you come take a look?" &gt; me: "sure, i'll be right out." so i walk out to the pump and notice two things. first, the customer on pump #5 is a girl in her early 20's. second is the strong smell of gasoline. i know exactly where this is going. &gt; me: "what seems to be the trouble?" &gt; girl: "i don't know, i tried to hang up the pump, but something sprayed out of my gas tank." i look down, and the side of her car and the ground have a decent bit of gas on them. nothing dangerous, but its very obvious. &gt; me: "ok, nothing to worry about, its just some gas. when you pull the nozzle out, just make sure that you aren't squeezing the handle." &gt; girl: "oooohh, that gas?" &gt; me: "yes..." &gt; girl: "are you sure that's gas? why did it spray out of my tank?" &gt; me: "oh, its definitely gas, and this happens some times. like i said, just make sure not to squeeze the handle when you're pulling it out of your tank, and you'll be fine." i demonstrate this for her by hanging the pump up normally. &gt; girl: "that's crazy, are you sure that's gas?" &gt; me: "well, if that's not gas coming out of my gas pumps, i have a much bigger problem than a little spill right now." &gt; girl: "oh ok, if you say so..." she then got in her car and drove off.for several years i worked in the produce department of my local grocery store, long enough to see kale go from a non-item to every soccer-mom's favorite superfood. one day a woman comes up to me and wants to know if there is any kale out back, because she did not see any in the display. i knew i had just seen some there, so i walk over to the greens case and sure enough, there are about a dozen bunches of kale. me: here you go ma'am. woman: no, that's not what i want, i'm looking for *kale*. me(confused): um, this *is* kale. woman: well, that's not what i'm looking for. me: then you're not looking for kale. woman: no, kale has big flat leaves. (it doesn't) me(thinking for two seconds): are you thinking of collard greens? (i walk to the collard greens, eight feet to the left) woman(looking all smug): ah, just what i'm looking for, kale. me: &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; ______________________________________ another time a regular asked me if there was any kale out back. i bring out a case and let him have his pick. while he is going through it some woman starts asking him how he likes to prepare it. he replies with, "it's not for me, it's for my lizards. they love this stuff."after finally getting a rather large queue down to one person, i arrive at the last customer at my customer service desk. this customer will here on in be known as "breasts that change hardly". &gt;me: hi there, how can i help? &gt;btch: hi i'd like to exchange some lingerie. &gt;me: that should be fine, but clothing returns must be done upstairs in the clothing department. &gt;btch: really? &gt;me: sorry. after six we take over clothing returns but for now you'll have to pop upstairs. she nods, and another customer stands behind her. &gt;me: is everything ok? &gt;btch: i'm still waiting for my exchange. &gt;me: and as i just mentioned you'll have to go upstairs. &gt;btch: well i'm not walking upstairs when this is the returns desk. firstly, its the customer service desk, and i've got things other than returns to deal with. secondly, there aren't even stairs to walk up. there is a travelator around the corner or a lift you could take. thirdly...screw it, i'll do your refund. i want my moment of queue-less zen. &gt;me: ok then. do you have a receipt? &gt;btch: no. &gt;me: no problem. do you have the products you'd like to exchange these lingerie for with you? &gt;btch: no, just put it on a gift card. you...you've done this before. if i've learnt anything its that knowing our refund policy well usually means you try to abuse the system somehow. i'm now in caution mode. &gt;me: that's fine. there's no price tags on the lingerie, which means they've been used. that's not an issue, but having to find the codes on the clothing tags and typing them all manually is going to take a while. two people join the queue. some of the codes on the lingerie work, but most aren't on the system...and this lady has a lot of lingerie. this suggests that some of these are old, so old that they aren't in warranty anymore. &gt;me: when did you buy these lingerie? &gt;btch: last month. you...you didn't. even product withdrawals remain on the system past the warranty expiry, so you can't pull that one. ok, let's go down the rabbit hole of playing returns detective. &gt;me: most of these aren't on the system, suggesting that they were bought so long ago that they aren't currently under warranty. &gt;btch: i'm telling you now that i bought all of them in december. how else have some went through? &gt;me: well- touché btch. if some are on the system, that means they must be under warranty. yet i know you're up to something. ahah! &gt;me: are any of the items damaged? &gt;btch: no they're all fine. damn it. i can usually tell when they're lying but she seems to be telling the truth. try another line of questioning. &gt;me: did you buy them all at once? do you know when? how did you pay? &gt;btch: yeah, but i don't know when i bought them or how. so at this point i'm winning. i'm not obliged to give her anything, as she can't even prove her side or that she even purchased them. i try to look busy as i come up with another way to deal with this. one more person joins my queue. &gt;me: why are you bringing the products back? wrong colour or style? &gt;btch: no they're just the wrong s- &gt;me: -size? her face said it all. she had changed breast size, and no offence but just by looking at her trolley contents you could see why. none of her lingerie fit anymore, so she's trying to swap for a bigger size for free. i ain't got an issue with that if they're on the system, but your trying to change your whole wardrobe for nothing. &gt;me: unfortunately i can't do anything with the ones not on the system. &gt;btch: well this is shocking. i'm a customer here and i deserve an exchange. &gt;me: the issue is- &gt;btch: let me finish! ... ... ... you don't actually have anything to say, do you? &gt;me: the issue- &gt;btch: it says on the label that it comes from this store. how can you not exchange it? &gt;me: that's not the issue. the issue is that i can't process the items as a refund- &gt;btch: but i want an exchange! &gt;me: let me finish. i need to be able to process the items as a refund on the system so that i can use the current selling value of these items to cover the cost of your new products, thus completing an exchange. they aren't on the system, which immediately suggests that it's out of warranty, and i can't just add some money as a random refund because i a) would be breaking a ton of times and b) have no idea what the value of all these products are. furthermore, this issue might even be resolvable if you could prove you purchased the products (i.e. a receipt) but you don't have that to back it up. for all i know these products could be more than a year old. silence...other than the sound of two more people joining the queue. now you know what's coming, don't you? &gt;btch: can i speak to a manager? &gt;me: the clothing manager isn't in today. &gt;btch: well i'll speak to their manager. &gt;me: he should be available. so the manager's manager comes down to speak with the lady. i briefly explained what was going on over the phone. he's pretty helpful for his position, and takes no crap whatsoever. he basically runs through what i've said in a less sympathetic, more concise manner. i mean, the guy is too busy to be dealing with this. he says he will take her details and will have the clothing manager contact her. &gt;btch: well why didn't you just do that at the start? i lean over the counter, staring at her, glancing at the now 10-long queue, and stare back again. i whisper, &gt;me: because you wanted an exchange, remember? &gt;btch: i'm going to contact your headquarters. more prepared than i have ever been, i whip out a piece of paper with the hq number on it. &gt;btch: you have these prepared, huh? , she snickers. &gt;me: nope, first one. i just knew you'd want it. that's what good customer service - knowing what you want and giving you what you deserve. i await a follow-up.hello tfr! this will be my first post here- i figured that when the customer service desk employees started regularly asking me if i had any new crazy stories to tell them, i should start posting them too. i work in the electronics department of a large national retail chain that sells a little of everything. so a middle-aged male guest approaches me and asks to check out, all's well so far. he's a bit brusque, but customers being less than polite is old news. right off the bat, he tells me (very firmly): &gt;him: "i want to use up this prepaid visa, so i'm splitting the payment." this is, of course, totally fine, and i assure him so in my best retail chirp. he continues, very seriously, &gt;him: "there's only a penny on here, but i'm not going to throw away good money. you can't expect to win the lottery if you just throw money away." i give a polite laugh at this (it's... a strange enough phrase that i have to assume it's a joke, despite his intensely dour face). i ring up his purchases and he then hands me an employee discount card to scan as well-- notably, not one that belongs to him, according to the very feminine name listed, so i assume it's a significant other, which explains why he doesn't know why this is a problem. &gt;me: "sir, unfortunately, if you use an employee discount, you can only pay using cash or our store credit/debit card." he stares at me. i must clarify. &gt;me: "i can't accept the prepaid card as a payment if you want to use the discount." this shouldn't be a problem, right? i mean the discount is 10% off, way more than a single cent. &gt;him: "i told you i want to use this card. it's money. even if it's just a penny, it's my money. you can't expect to win the lottery if you just throw money away!" &gt;me: "i understand that, sir. unfortunately, you have to use only cash or the store card to pay when you use an employee discount." &gt;him: "why won't you take my money?! it's still legal! it's a good penny!" &gt;me: "sir... as much as i want to help you, the register will not accept it." &gt;him: "run it anyway!!" oookay. sometimes people just have to see the error message themselves, i suppose. i dutifully punch the keys, he swipes the prepaid card, and the register helpfully displays the "cannot accept this payment with an employee discount" message. i turn the screen to show him, and he looks even more angry. &gt;him: "fine! go back and take the employee discount off." &gt;me: "...sir, i would be happy to do that for you, but you understand that using the discount would save you more money? you could just save the prepaid card and use it another time somewhere else--" &gt;him: "don't talk back to me, just do it!" alright! who am i to argue with such a pleasant request? i go back and void the discount barcode, then tell him his new total. he angrily swipes the prepaid visa, folds it in half, and throws it over my head towards the trash can behind me. classy. &gt;him: "there, was it that hard?? i just want to use my money. you can't win the lottery--" you all know how this goes. then, he hands me the employee discount card again. i stare at it, then at him. &gt;him: "well? add the discount to the total now." &gt;me: "sir... i can't. i told you, the register won't let you use a discount card with payments that aren't cash or the store card." &gt;him: "well i used the stupid card already so now you can discount what's left!!" &gt;me: "sir, you see the discount card is a barcode... i have to scan it back at the items screen, which means in order to go back and add it again, i need to void your prior payments. that's why i warned you to save your prepaid card for another time and just use the discount instead." he stares at me, then stares over at the trash can where his now ruined visa sits. &gt;him: "i can't believe i threw good money away anyway after all that." he grumbled to himself a little, finally paid in cash, and left. too bad he'll never win the lottery now.so it's just about closing time on a friday night at my store, and as usual, i'm the closing manager. i don't know why this happens, but we always get super busy in the last hour… maybe it's because people go out to eat, then want to go somewhere and arbitrarily unfold things that they aren't going to buy. no telling. at about 15 minutes before close, a group of 5 teenagers come in, all obnoxious and loud. my associates and i kick on our amazing customer service skills, and try to help them the hell out of the store before we close. one girl finally picks a few items, then comes up to the register to pay. i jump on register and ring her up. i tell her the total, and it happens. she holds up her iphone, showing me a grainy picture of a credit card. "i have this," she snottily says, "you can just type it in." "uhhhh, i'm gonna need the actual card in the store," i say, my brain making sizzling popping noises in reaction to the situation that is beginning to transpire. her nose wrinkles. i've never seen this before in real life, but i swear it *wrinkles*. "it's my mom's card, and she said i can use it," she says in a whiney voice. "so you're telling me that you expect to use a cellphone picture of someone else's card as payment?" i ask incredulously. bratvoice. "uhhhhh, yeeeeah," she answers, her voice doing that annoying upward lilt on the penultimate syllable. "that's not a valid form of payment," i loudly pronounce. her friends, who have been tearing up the impulse items a few feet behind her, get really quiet. "i'm going to need your mom physically in the store to complete the purchase, unless you have money of your own." she makes an even nastier face. "ugh!" she exclaims, "why will no one take this?!?" she stomps out, her laughing friends following her out the door. i quickly check my watch, confirm that it's exactly 9pm, and lock it behind them. i have no idea why anyone thought this would actually work. when i was in high school, i worked for a fast food burger chain. one night, i was working on the assembly table making burgers and my coworker was working the fryers. i was doing some cleaning around, keeping busy so that i wouldn't get sent home since it was a slow night. then, my manager steps out of the office and says, "guys, you won't believe what this woman just called to complain about." this is how he says the phone call went down: manager: fast food burgers, how can i help you? woman: there was a used condom in my kid's cheeseburger! manager: ma'am, could you repeat that? woman: one of your employees put a used condom in my kid's cheeseburger. i opened it to take off the pickles and there was a used condom sitting there manager: uhhh...ok, i'll see if anyone confesses to their crime. please hold. (let's the phone sit on hold for a few mins because he knows she's lying) manager: ma'am my employees want to know if it was a magnum xl? woman: what?! no, it's not! why would they ask that! manager: they want to let you know that it's not, it didn't belong to any of them woman: your corporate office will be hearing about this *click* to this day, they're still waiting on that call from corporate... edit: holy shit! i got gold for this?!?! thank you kind redditor for gifting my first gold! edit2: i got "tfr quote of the day"!?! you guys are awesome! i don't know who decides that, but thanks!i work at a coffee shop, on campus at a bible college. so my customers are bible college students. a while back, a girl comes to the register to order her drink. i take her order and head into the kitchen to make it. while i'm doing so, i hear some change rattling and papers shuffling. so i come back to register, and this girl was taking money out of our tip jar. when confronted, she said "well, you shouldn't leave it here....?" -_-this happened last night, and i'm so totally grossed out. fuck okay, so i work in a clothing store and my coworker was working in the fitting room. i was called there to cover her for her 15. i ask, "how many inside?" i just like to know how many to expect coming out of the fitting rooms. she says, "three women and one man..." she leans in to whisper, "the man has been in so long....i worry." i'm like, "okay? enjoy your break." so about 10 mins go by and the guy comes out. he's short, 50s, and bald as a newborn. his face is red and sweaty and i notice the clothes he's tried on are crumpled in a ball in his arms and i'm mildly annoyed as most customers don't bother putting the stuff back on the hangers. anyway, he gives me his number and high tails it out of there. i untangle the clothes on the counter when my hand touches something wet. that's when i screamed. the clothes were covered in cum! i guess he had been pleasuring himself while wearing the pants, and the most fucked up part? there was a little purple dress from the kid's department at the center of the clothes, with semen on the front. i was kind of glad it was me who found it and not my coworker. she's this tiny old lady who really would have freaked out i was disgusted, i called my manager who is always calm in any situation. she says, "what the fuck? what the hell???" she called the cops and it turns out there's been a dude doing this all over the city! the phantom cummer struck again. _______________ edit for clarification: when i say 'number', i'm referring to the number paddles we give customers upon entering the fitting room. if he had given me his phone number, i obviously would have given it to the cops.ok so this isn't my story but my mums, however i found it funny and wanted to share it. so my mum (m) was on tills yesterday and her first customer was an elderly gentleman. after processing the man's sale, and receiving payment, the customers wife came up to the till and noticed that he had bought something he shouldn't have - man's wife: you bought chocolate. it is only the second of january and you have bought chocolate. i can't believe you bought chocolate. i'll just get the girl to return this. the man turned round and simply replied : you had vodka yesterday. if you can have vodka i can have chocolate. edit: spelling i just posted a story a few days ago, but something today had me on the "roflcopter" so i just had to share this amazing employee fail i saw today. so me and my co-worker are up front as cashiers on a slow day. we get a very pretty muslim girl and so my co-worker tells me that he got this customer. i let him take her and i continued to put away clothes that customers returned. the next few things i heard were just unbelievable... also just an fyi, my co-worker is one of those stereotypical douche bags who care too much about their muscles/looks, is a hard core player, cares more about his car than his relationships, and is a total homophobic. co-worker (cw): hello there! may i interest you in a rewards card? her: oh no thank you, i'm just here to make a small purchase. cw: excuse me miss, if you don't mind me asking as to why a beautiful girl like you is wearing one of those allah scarfs? are those allah scarfs hip now? you should take it off, a beautiful girl like you shouldn't be wearing something like that. i literally dropped everything just to turn around and hear what that girl was going to respond with. her: this allah scarf is called a hijab. i wear it for religious reasons. i also wear it so that men can like and respect me for who i am and not how i look. also, if you are trying to get with me you're wasting your time because i know i can do much better than you. now if you will be so kind as to get your manager so that i my report your ignorance to him or her. thank you! my cw looked at me thinking i would help him out. i actually left the front as soon as the manager came up, went to the rest room and just laughed my ass off until my stomach got cramps. he got fired on the spot. edit: changed islamic to muslim for correctness hi, guys. story time! so, roughly 2 years ago, i became an office manager at a fairly large grocery store. basically, an office manager handles the refunds, counts the money from the tills, and answers the phone. around the same time that i was promoted, our store had just finished remodeling. most of our customers (and employees) loved our remodel. this customer, however, did not. me = m angry lady = al *phone rings &amp; i answer it* &gt;m: thanks for calling "store," how may i help you? &gt;al: hi, i'd like to speak to a manager please. &gt;m: that would be me. how may i help you? &gt;al: you've ruined your store! well, this isn't going to be fun... &gt;m: i'm sorry? &gt;al: i was in there earlier and i couldn't find the shake 'n bake! it used to be on aisle 8, but it's not there anymore! &gt;m: i'm sorry about that. could i put you on hold for just a moment? i'll be right back. &gt;al: sure. so, i went over to aisle 8. guess what? that's exactly where her precious shake 'n bake was. so, i went back into my office and took her off hold. &gt;m: ma'am, i just went over to aisle 8 and found it. are you sure you didn't just miss it? apparently, that was not the best thing to say... &gt;al: i've been going to your store for years! do you really think i would miss it if it was there? she then goes on to rant for **15 fucking minutes** about how we've ruined our store by remodeling it, and that she'd never shop there again (i wasn't exactly upset by hearing this). &gt;m: well, i'm sorry you had such a bad experience with us today. i hope you have a wonderful day! &gt;al: fuck you, asshole! *click* i then mentioned this little exchange with my store manager, and we spent the rest of the day joking back and forth about our grand scheme to hide her shake 'n bake.i was working a shift at my part-time job at everyone's favorite 15/20/30% coupon store....and this lady ("l") came up to my register with about 4 different items of clothing she was purchasing. i began ringing her up. &gt;l - "um, those pants are 50% off..they rang up full price." &gt;me - yes, ma'am. they are buy one/get one 50% off. the second pair would be 50% off. &gt;l - no, the sign said 50%! this is ridiculous, every time i am in here y'all try to screw me over. i know how to read signs! &gt;me - (not really wanting to argue, but not willing to call a manager over for something so stupid) i am happy to give you 25% off this item if it will help since these bogo pants are all the same price. &gt;l - see, there it is. i'm not stupid. i want this for half off or i'm not going to buy it! (complete, crazy person breakdown about to begin...) &gt;me - so, you don't want it? i can go ahead and delete the item for you. she was fine with this, still grumbling, when i began to scan a shirt. it rang up 50% off, which was correct. &gt;l - okay, see? that's ringing up half off. my other item should have, too. &gt;me - ma'am, those are two different items. this is a shirt, the other item was pants. she proceeded to have me keep that item in her purchase, gave me her rewards card, and began to make payment on the item when it hit me. i knew her. &gt;me - don't you go to "blah blah" church? i think i know you from there. she had this deer-in-the-headlights look and confirmed that yes, she did indeed go to this church. anyone care to guess how quickly she turned from vinegar into sickeningly sweet syrup? i could have gotten whiplash. it's amazing how people will show their true selves when they don't think anybody they know might be around.apparently i have a story a day for you guys. previous tales can be found [here]( and [here]( lets see how long i can keep finding things to post for you guys. so, i'm sick as all hell today. i'm setting up the new merchandising layout for my store in between doing an inventory count and puking violently in the bathroom, which is a 30 second run down the hall. while i had my head in the automatic flushing toilet, i remembered something that happened one of the first times i ever opened my store by myself. i had just finished an inventory count, and i had a rather shady looking man come in to the kiosk. now, this in and of itself wasn't too out of the ordinary. i was in a shady area before being transferred to the kiosk i now work at. i was also hung over and i was pretty sure at that point i was dying. it was about 9:30 am and our store opened at 10:00 am. &gt;**shady dude:** give me your phones. &gt;**me:** dude, you gotta wait till we're opened. i can't just give you phones. i'm not open yet. half an hour. &gt;**shady dude:** no. i want all of your phones. now. &gt;**me:** (still not cluing in) yeah, i get it, you want phones. you have to wait until my store is open, just like everyone else. &gt;**shady dude:** (now confused) no. **give me your fucking phones** &gt;**me:** not with that attitude. now, fuck off. i'm trying to open my store. i think i confused the poor guy because he kinda just stood there until security and the cops showed up. i guess one of the stores beside me realized what was going on and thought i was just stalling until someone called for help. i honestly didn't even realize what was going on. looking back on it now, it terrifies me, because that could've turned out a lot different than it did. i also kind of giggle because i think that that's the first time a hang over from hell might've saved me.i worked in the electronics department of a major retailer. however, this particular retailer also included books and media as part of electronics. this first part isn't the main story, but the set up. because only those who have had to maintain electronics and books know how rough it is. even though it's comparatively a small department, keeping stuff like cds organized is a nightmare. the true terror though, is the kid's book aisle. for whatever reason, kid's hands are always sticky. it doesn't matter if they've just been washed, they're already sticky again. and working in a large retail store, parents tend to get so distracted by everything they don't always keep an eye on their kids. or they just don't care what havoc their kid brings. so i'm organizing the kids book section, and this little kid is following right behind me undoing everything i'm doing. the mom is talking loudly on her cellphone and can't be bothered to watch her kid. pretty sure i saw him stick a lollipop in one book and pull another lollipop out of a different book (not really, but that's a theory as to why they're always sticky). so in the middle of what can best be described as the sisyphus of retail punishment, i hear a man yell from 30ft away &gt; "hey you! hey! i'm talking to you!" i figure it's a guest yelling at another guest. then i hear it again. &gt; "excuse you. listen up!" and he snaps his fingers. i finally look over and see what can best be described as a douchier version of guy fieri. loud. fat. frosted tips. wearing his over-sized sunglasses in the store. he snaps at me again and signals i come over to him. henceforth, he'll be referred to as 'c'. so i put on my mask of friendliness and ask how i can help him. &gt; me: how may i help you? &gt; c: about time you got over here. no wonder you're working here and not a real job. i need one of them hmi.. mdi? hdi? mhd? whatever they are... &gt; me: hdmi cables? &gt; c: yeah. whatever. i need one. &gt; me: four isles down on the left hand side. normally i'm more than happy to show someone where they are, but this kid back in the book section is missing his lollipop again and i see books on the floor. &gt; c: naw they ain't there. &gt; me: alright, let's go have a look. and of course it's fully stocked and there are multiple hooks full of cables. also of note, usually when someone came in to buy a cable, i'd refer them either to a discount retail store in the same plaza. or if they could wait, i'd tell them to order online for way less. this guy though... he was paying. &gt; me: here you go, one hdmi cable. anything else? &gt; c: haha, naw, this'll be great for my new [gaming console] on my sweet new 70 inch [expensive brand] plasma tv. &gt; me: oh? [game console]? you don't want that brand cable, you want the one made by the manufacturer. plus, that one comes with a spare charging cable for a second controller. i don't usually upsell useless stuff either. it's cheap garbage most of the time. upsell total: $20 -&gt; $50, + $30 &gt; c: oh sweet. i only have one controller though. &gt; me: well this is a great chance to buy a second one! &gt; c: yeah, i guess it is. upsell total: $20 -&gt; $110, + $90 &gt; me: this way you can play multiplayer in your favorite games. &gt; c: i don't think i have any of them. &gt; me: oh! i can highly recommend this title. i blindly point to the game case for the console he owns and hope for the best. i ended up pointing to a popular basketball game that thankfully is multiplayer. he agrees to buy it. upsell total: $20 -&gt; $170, + $150 &gt; me: it's multiplayer up to four, you said you only have one controller, right? if you want to make full use of this game, i'd recommend having four controllers. &gt; c: yeah, that sounds good. upsell total: $20 -&gt; $290, +$270 &gt; me: with charging cables. upsell total: $20 -&gt; $320, +$300 at this point i figured he'd have to break soon. i wasn't even being subtle about tacking stuff on. nope. he purchased everything and i probably could have kept going, but there was now a pile of kids books and it was shimmering with a coat of slime i knew would never come off. first time posting here ^-^ so i worked for a major fast food chain back in 2010, at 17 it was my first actual job and i was so innocent. but this is not a tale about the bad customers, no those come later, this is a tale of the best regular we had. i worked on the front cash register and about once a week this older black man would come in around lunch and patiently wait until the crowd dispersed. i can't recall exact conversations but he would always smile and ask how i was doing, tell me i looked nice and just be very friendly and sweet. after talking he would proceed to apologize before emptying his pockets of quarters and crumpled dollar bills and order a water, value fries, and a value burger. my shift manager always gave him extra fries and something that was left behind, small burger or nuggets usually whatever was going to be thrown out anyway, because he was just an amazing person. he always left his table clean and made sure to wish everyone a blessed day. this man made my time there so much better and i do wonder sometimes what happened to him and wish i could have helped him more. edit: wow this got popular fast! makes me feel good that the old man is getting the recognition. thank you everyone for reading!!!!so. i manage a 24 hour bagel store in a borough of a major metropolitan city. i've only posted once before though i get crazy stories everyday. yes, every single day. never a dull moment. since i deal with people of all sorts it really takes a lot to shock/confuse me. today was one of those as i ended my overnight shift. we'll call me (me) and we'll call my customer (bl) for bus lady. bl: hey so last week i got a large coffee, but i was about to miss my bus so i just threw a $5 down. me: yeah, i remember. those busses suck. bl: haha yeah tell me about it. me: (unperturbed, thinking she was just passing time with random conversation) well your total today is $4.87 bl: oh, but i want to use my change from last week toward this. me: ..... what? bl: i want to use my change that i didn't get because i had to make my bus. me: miss, that was a week ago. bl: but you just said you remember me. me: (internal face*palm) yes, i do, and i'm glad you aren't in a rush today, but... i just can't do that. bl: oh, come on, just this once? is it really a weird question? me: .... your total is $4.87 like.... really?this happened last september when i worked at an office supplies store. for about a month and a half we had a lot of back to school sales going on, and i guess that brought out the craziest of people. i was working my butt off in the copy center and hadn't had a break in the 5 hours i'd been there. i finally got to take advantage of the small lull in customers to run to the restroom. as i was heading to the back and trying my hardest to avoid the few customers that were in the store, i looked up and accidentally made eye contact with a lady that had a crazed look in her eye. i realized my mistake and picked up my pace to the restroom, as she started heading towards me. when i got into a stall, i thought i was safe. i was wrong. i heard the restroom door open and then there was a knock on my stall door followed by the lady asking me where the pencils were located. i was in shock and simply replied, "uh, aisle six." she said thanks and left. in my 3 years of retail i've never had a more weird experience than the desperate lady that really needed pencils.i work for a bus company and part of my job is to fuel the gasoline powered vehicles we have, we have about 17 (4 minivans, 3 mini coaches, 10 small "special ed" school busses). so for about 2 1/2 hours a day i drive to and from a local gas station to fuel up the vehicles. part of my routine as the gas is pumping i check the washer fluid by visually looking at the tank, we have a large tank of it back at the yard. i have been doing this for about 3 1/2 years and every 4-6 months the following situation happens: i am at a gas station filling up a vehicle and have the hood open to check the windshield washer level. as i close the hood i hear someone (always a woman) from the next pump over ask me what i was doing with the hood open. "checking the washer fluid" i plainly say. "well when you pump my gas can you check mine? thanks." puzzled i ask "what do you mean pump your gas?" she instantly gets that angry look that i know all too well, driving a bus and interacting with parents of 45 kids, working a year in fast food and a year in retail taught me that face, "you are an employee here, i need help pumping my gas, now please tell me why you don't know how to do your job!" this is a moment i have been waiting for the whole time i've been in the service industry but couldn't do because i need a job. i prepare my most neutral tone of voice possible, think [ben stine]( . "lady, i don't work here. pump your own gas." turned around and finished the vehicle i was fueling, slowly hung the nozzle, got the receipt and wrote the vehicle number on it and got in the vehicle and drove off. i could see the lady in my side mirrors as i was leaving angrily getting out of her car to get her own gas. long time lurker, first time poster here. to preface i work in a larger chain store and only recently got a position off of the front end so i'm still trying to show i'm a decent worker and avoid any complaints. so here i am in the frozen department on a friday night wishing i was anywhere else when i hear someone yelling from the ice cream isle. i go investigate to find a very angry lady (al for now) holding a quart or our store brand ice cream. now earlier this week i had gone through and got rid of any expired ice cream i could find. &gt;al: what is your name? i'm calling corporate and they'll have your job for this! &gt;me: firstly, what seems to the the problem so i can try and fix whatever you belive i've done? &gt;al: well you're obviously trying to kill me and everyone else in this store! this ice cream expired two months ago! at this point i was nothing but confused because i know for a fact that i had cleaned out the exact kind of ice cream she was talking about and got two new cases in &gt;me: may i see the ice cream in question, ma'am? &gt;me: i'm sorry but this ice cream has yet to expire. it's code date is in february 2018. &gt;al: if you think this gets you out of trouble, you are sorely mistaken! if looks could kill, i think i would have been drawn and quartered right then and there. i have never gotten mad at for something be fresh from the warehouse before but i guess there's a first time for everything.**background:** i work as an assistant manager at a large chicken fast-food chain while putting my way through med school. i can only work part-time due to my studies, but the company was great about letting me keep my job since i've been with them since high school. **the story:** one of our regular customers came in, and i was sad to see his wife came with him this time. i should note that he was a really great guy and a regular customer, but we hated when his wife came with him because she was a queen bitch (qb). they got their chicken without incident. i was training a new cashier when i heard a loud *bang*. i looked over and saw the standing up with both hands on the table, trying and failing to breathe. he'd apparently knocked over a chair. i run over as fast as i can, only to see his wife scoffing at him (wtf?) and acting totally unconcerned. well, i've got an emergency medical responder license, so i follow my training. me: "sir, are you choking." the guy nods back, but his wife shakes her head. i ignore her again. me: "i am going to perform abdominal thrusts, ma'am please stand back a bit" i move to go into position to do the thrusts which any idiot knows is the right thing to do. this asshole woman grabs me and yells at me not to touch him. qb: "he'll be fine! do not touch my husband" well, i could have explained why i had to touch him to her, but the guy clearly was going into hypoxia. i shoved her off of me and unfortunately she fell over a chair and landed on the ground. i got behind her husband and did the thrusts while she yelled all sorts of profanities from the ground. the chicken popped out and breathing resumed. i walked over to help her up. "sorry ma'am but your husband needed immediate help." qb: "that's bullshit. he would have been fine. let's get out of here honey." the husband follows her as she storms out of the store and mouths thanks. what the fuck. well all my employees give me a pat on the back and say they were glad i was here cause they don't know anything about how to deal with that. i decided then and there to get employees cpr certified, but that's another story. the epilogue to this story is that qb filled a *complaint* against me. she came into the store the next day. i had just gotten off shift and decided to do some studying in the back while i ate my free lunch. i'm in the zone committing a particularly difficult transport path to memory when the manager comes in. the manager brings me out front, where my old friend qb is waiting. manager: qb here says that you knocked her over a chair, is that true? me: yes sir, it is, but her husband was choking and i did save his life, so --- qb (*interrupting*): save his life? you're a college dropout working in fast food! the fuck do you know? my husband would have been fine and now i've got back pain from where i hit the chair. me: well, ma'am, my education is irrelevant but i do have a license to perform basic emergency medicine and i can tell you your husband would have certainly-- qb (*interrupting*): i don't care what you say. you should be fired. i want to file a complaint. me: sorry i saved your husband's life. i just walked away and went back to the back room. i grabbed my textbook, went out to my car out the back, and left the store. the manager called me and told me they were going to investigate. turns out i got to keep my job because the franchise owner is my buddy, but i got a complaint in my personnel file and a warning. i probably shouldn't have shoved her, but come on. it was the heat of the moment. show a little gratitude lady. update edit: okay, so i've talked to some people after reading the comments. i didn't even think about the legal action, so i am grateful to you all for bringing it to my attention. as /u/japaneseknotweed pointed out, i definitely should not have shoved her; even though it was more a reflex than anything else. i phoned my emr instructor (a trained paramedic) and he said that in that circumstance he would have asked another employee to gently restrain her. he reiterated scene safety, but admitted that he probably would have done the same thing if he didn't have experience with stuff like this so often. as far as legal action is concerned, i called up a third-year law student i met at a grad school mixer (yay top 20 law and med school!). she mulled it over with a few other lawyers-in-training over drinks tonight, and the general consensus was that since the woman touched me first it was reflexive self-defense, and that coupled with the fact that she was interfering with legitimate medical aid by a licensed practitioner should mean i'm almost definitely okay. as far as legal action against qb is concerned, it's a wash. the law crew seems to think that she would have a defense because she was panicking and it would be hard to prove that she didn't think for some reason that i was trying to hurt her husband. i haven't seen her husband since the incident, and some of these comments are making me a bit concerned. i am going to talk to a social worker tomorrow when i'm at the hospital and see what they think i should do. i should also note that, while it isn't extremely common, sometimes relatives do deny that their loved ones are hurt at all, so she isn't *necessarily* emotionally abusive or coldly trying to collect life insurance. the fact that she came in the next day still angry is the suspicious part. thank you so much for the great comments.i work at a chain grocery store which is favored by many many old people, some are amazingly nice, others are complete pieces of work. i'm a cashier, so i deal with many people daily. it was the holiday season so we were selling these gourmet organic hams for $1.49 a pound. which must be hard for some people to understand, i dealt with and old women who was being a complete and utter bitch to me who couldn't comprehend this. &gt;"hi ma'am how are you did you find everything ok?" i asked very politely &gt;"i'm fine, no i didn't but i don't care anymore" the old hag said angrily "i obviously picked the wrong line" she says under her breath she said that because i was new at the time and had just started there so i was in training, i wasn't the fastest cashier and my ipms were like 9, and my register even had a "training in progress" magnet on it. &gt;"im sorry about that" i say then continue scanning she's one of those people that intently watch the screen that make sure i'm not trying to extra charge her or something &gt;"oh wait i forgot i want paper in plastic, and 2 items per bag, unbag those" she said &gt;"oh ok no problem" i say confused at this point i'm kinda mad but keep my cool because i just started there so i unpack these bags and i had already bagged a good amount of groceries so this is just getting really annoying. i get back to scanning and bagging and this goddamn lady is reaching in front of me across my body to take things out of the brown paper bag and move them to different bags telling me i'm bagging everything wrong. two things per paper in plastic, she's defeating the purpose of paper in plastic. then the ham comes up... &gt;"why did that ham ring up and 16.89 (thats a guess i cant remember the price) the sign says it's a dollar forty-nine" the lady says angrily &gt;"what? the ham is $16.89, it rang up that way, maybe you read the wrong sign" &gt;"don't tell me i read the wrong sign, i know what i read your trying to trick me!" shes getting angrier &gt;"ma'am i'm not trying to trick you i have no idea where you got that price from this ham is $16.89" i started to get mad and raised my voice a little. then it dawns on me, the ham is $1.49 a pound, not in total. &gt;"ma'am the ham is $1.49 a pound, not in total"i say calmly &gt;"what?! that's ridiculous and mislabeling thats unfair they tricked me! i don't want it anymore" she yells &gt;"ok ma'am sorry about that i just need to call someone over because its a cold reshop" i tell her trying to hold my temper &gt;"don't call anyone over! i don't want to make a scene this is ridiculous just leave it there" &gt;"ma'ma, its a cold item it needs to go back in the cold aisle" i say &gt;"stop making them come over here stop it i don't wanna make a scene stop it" the lady yells &gt;"they are already coming ma'am i hit the page" one of the managers shows up and takes back the ham and the old lady just gives me such a nasty look and stayed silent. so i keep going, paper in plastic, two items a bag, while she reaches over me moving stuff around in the bags. then we get to the spatula. it has no barcode, or tags, i have no idea where she got it from. &gt;"this has no bar code i need to call someone over to get you a new one" &gt;"dont call anyone over, i dont want a scene. i know the price it's 2 dollars just put that in" she yells &gt;"i can't do that without manager override someone needs to come do you still want it?" &gt;"yes, just don't call anyone over" &gt;"i have to" i call someone over and the manger comes, i tell him the issue and he comes back later to say he couldn't find another one where the lady said it was, and asked the people who stock the gm shelves and they had never seen this spatula before. the lady insists it was $2 and fights with my manager about it because he tells her she can't buy it without a price and he wasn't even sure it belonged to the store. the lady leaves angrily and i see her goes right to customer service, most likely to put in a complaint about me. the next guy in line was super nice and told me some customers will always be bitchy and not to take it to heart. the next day i found out i got a compliment from that guy to customer service for handling her well, so i got a $5 off my lunch coupon, yay? my manager did tell me i had a complaint from the lady i got complimented for dealing with, but they didn't care. ah don't you just love retail? edit: grammar i worked part time in retail when i was a teenager at a large beauty/pharmacy chain here in the uk. this particular branch i worked at had 3 mains entrances- 1 set of automatic doors, 1 set of push/pull doors on the other side of the till and a little further up another automatic door that lead into the pharmacy. usually when starting to close up we'd keep the pharmacy doors to start to filter out customers so we could close on time. the other 2 sets of doors would be locked and we'd move the large stands that hold customer baskets in front of them so people wouldn't go walking into them. this almost always worked until one fine sunday afternoon. it was about 10 minutes before closing and barely anyone around so i just started doing a bit of tidying around the beauty department when i noticed a woman approached the push/pull doors. she tried to open the door, as it was locked she couldn't. she then started aggressively wrestling with the door handle for a good minute (whilst i watched) until she spotted me and shouted "**you gonna let me in then or what? you still have 10 minutes until closing i can see the time from here, this is illegal!**". i approached the door and told her the second door down to the pharmacy is still open she can enter the store from there. she looked at me with what i can only describe as a death stare and marched off in the direction of the pharmacy. however, this lady did not heed my advice. instead she tried her luck at a shortcut and tried to walk into the automatic doors on the opposite side of the till (still locked, still with huge stands placed in front of them) and walked straight into the glass smacking herself square in the face. eventually finding her way to the pharmacy to she started screaming "**i only came here for one thing but i have found you are conducting illegal activity and i've just been assaulted!**" to which my manager (who saw everything) calmly replies "madam, it is not illegal to lock entrances when we still keep one open it's simply to help us close on time. and i don't think you were assaulted...." crazy lady shouts "**i dont care what the fuck its for. i worked in retail for 12 years i know how it fucking works! you need to be sacked love you haven't got a fucking clue have you?! i'm here for one thing and i want it now!**" manager- "and what is that?" crazy lady practically throws film canisters and my manager and says "**i need these pictures developed and i need them ready for tomorrow or i *will* be contacting head office to tell them that you need to be fired, ok?**" manager smugly-"ohh, i'm sorry madam our photo lab is closed on sundays. you'll need to come back tomorrow" crazy lady starts to breathe heavily giving my manager that death stare she'd given me earlier before exploding "**i want my fucking pictures, if i wanted to come in on another day i fucking would. why cant you do your fucking job, this is ridiculous!**" at this point our store security guard steps in grabs the woman by the arm and begins marching her out the store. as she's leaving i can hear her shouting "**this is assault. you are assaulting me. someone help im being assaulted by this man!**" tl;dr crazy woman walks into a door then accuses said door and security guard of assaulting her. this may be my favorite thing that has ever happened while working, and i figure this best place to share it is with you all :) be me, weird girl, 18. i work as an overnight manager at everyone's favorite fast food place. i normally work 11pm-7am, or 2300-0700 for all you military enthusiasts. this means that not only do i get the idiot stoned teenagers, i get the early morning coffee crowd. between 4-6, i rarely see any new faces. one of my regulars, let's call him "red" comes in every morning for a coffee and a burrito. super nice guy, one of my favorites. another regular, who i'll call "splenda", is a very sweet lady who comes through every morning at about the same time. yesterday, red asked to pay for the car behind him(unusual) and it happened to be splenda. being 4am, she was caught of guard but told me to say thank you when i saw him next. fast forward to this morning, and splenda is in front of red. she asks to pay for the car behind her. i can't help but laugh and tell her that it's the same guy who paid for her. they both loved the coincidence and everyone ended up with a slightly brighter morning. i work in a mall restaurant and we offer a pizza, pasta &amp; salad buffet during lunch hours that is popular, it cost about $14 (somewhat standard price where i'm from). most people buy either the buffet or their favorite meal &amp; that's that. then we have the kids meals, sides &amp; small meals. one of the small meals is just a slice of pizza, salad &amp; a drink at about $6 - its overpriced for one slice of pizza (think 1/8th of a family pizza) &amp; extra slices are $4.5 each - but you really ain't supposed to buy multiple pieces on their own - you just get the buffet instead. i was still kind of new &amp; this day a mother shows up with her two teenagers, one of em grabs a burger with fries &amp; mom &amp; the other kid gets the buffet - everything is just fine. until dad shows up about 20 minutes later. since he showed up way after the rest of the family i had no clue that he belonged to that group &amp; after quickly looking over the menu he told me he wanted 3 slices of pizza &amp; a coke. i asked if he wanted salad with the slices &amp; was about to continue telling him that the buffet was a better option if he wanted more than 2 slices when he just snaps at me that he wants 3 slices and a drink, nothing else! okay fine, thats $15,5 for almost no food at all but thats what he wants. he pays &amp; leaves with his food. after joining his family at the table &amp; finishing his food, he apparently finds out that they only payed $14 for an all you can eat buffet while he over-payed for his food. as you can guess he came back with all the receipts, being even more irritated than before. he accused me/the restaurant/the owners of scamming people out of money by making them overpay for something they could get cheaper and i tried telling him that i would have sold him the buffet but that he demanded to get the pizza pieces only &amp; that i was prepared to refund him the difference between the orders &amp; he could continue to eat from the buffet until satisfied. this was still not to his satisfaction. this is when his wife joined us &amp; intervened. she took one look at me and then turned to her husband, interrupting his rant. "xxxx when you ordered, did you listen to her the first time or did you just tell her what you wanted? did you even read the menu properly?" he proceeds to tell her that he indeed just asked for the specific slices &amp; that he did not look on the menu because he wanted pizza, but that it was still a scam demanding so much money &amp; that i should be ashamed for going through with the order. at this point his wife has an annoyed look on her face &amp; i brace for a double barrage of criticism &amp; complaint about the food. "you need to stop yelling at the poor girl, she did exactly what you told her to do! its your own fault, you stupid fuck!" what?! (that is the actual quote of what she said). i am in no doubt that both me &amp; the husband looked completely gobsmacked. she proceeded to turn around &amp; walk away, leaving us standing there. her husband glanced at me &amp; then just left without uttering another word. i worked at a technology big-box store for several years. mostly in sales, but i spent my time behind the returns desk eventually. it wasn't as much fun, but having all the product experience meant that i was very much aware of how the product was supposed to work. anyways. a woman comes in with a printer and receipt (thankfully), insisting that the printer didn't work. she was well within her return policy, so that wasn't a big problem, but we did need to test it. after all, it's harder to sell opened merchandise, and if the product did work, maybe she wouldn't return it. so i start getting everything out of the box while i ask what the problem was. &gt;"it didn't turn on." ah. we've narrowed the problem down to "bad cord", "bad printer", or "doing it wrong". at least i didn't have to connect it to a computer to test its printing abilities or hook it up to wi-fi. by now, everything's out of the box, printer on the table, and i'm rooting around under the table to plug the cord in. suddenly, the customer chimes in. &gt;"what are you doing?" &gt;"i'm looking for a place to plug it in." &gt;"why?" &gt;"well, it needs to be powered to turn on." &gt;"no, it doesn't. it's wireless."background: i work in a small specialty backpacking/outdoor store. we carry a variety of high-end brands and are located near a fairly wealthy community. generally, this means we have very little issues with bad customers, but we do get some crazies occasionally. this tale takes place last weekend. as per usual, the store was packed and my manager and i were working the registers to get through the line that had formed. cue disgruntled man with a return in manager's line. &gt;manager: hey, how are you today? &gt;disgruntled man: i'd like to return this. (throws backpacking pillow on counter) &gt;manager: let's see here. do you have your receipt? &gt;disgruntled man: no. just do the return. (starting to get agitated) at our little store we have some pretty lenient return policies for our size of store. it sums up to 60 days from purchase in new/like new condition with no damage or use and with the original packaging and a receipt. this is for all merchandise excluding food and climbing equipment. we also can add customers into our system to keep record of their purchases if they are prone to losing receipts. &gt;manager: (remaining as calm as ever) well sir, i do need a receipt to process any returns. are you in our system? &gt;disgruntled man: (causing a scene and half shouting something about privacy, government spying and the like. i was too busy the hear what it was.) &gt;disgruntled man: i'll just take store credit. (was never offered to him) &gt;manager: unfortunately, i can't accept this back at all. i don't have any record you purchasing this here, the packaging is damaged and is also the wrong packaging for this pillow, it smells like campfire and is covered in wood chips. the store is now silent. all eyes and ears are focused on this guy and manager. a pin could drop and you wouldn't hear it because you were too focused on these two. &gt;disgruntled man: what wood chips? i don't see any. (flicks off the wood chips towards manager) &gt;manager: the wood chips you just flicked at me. now, unless there was something wrong with the pillow that would justify a warranty claim, i'm going to have to ask you to step aside for other customers. &gt;disgruntled man: yes! there is something wrong! the pillow is terrible. i groan in my mind. i understand that manager said that just to get him away from the registers, but the warranties are never handled by us, they go straight to the manufacturer. this will likely piss off disgruntled man even more. but, shockingly, disgruntled man complies and fills out a warranty form and lists some nonsensical issue with the pillow. in true anti-climatic fashion, disgruntled man leaves in peace, and we're stuck with a pillow and a warranty form. at least i don't have to call him when the manufacturer rejects his claim. that is manager's job.so if a customer gets upset, or yells, or demands their "effing fries". just do what evan did. take a breath, calm down and inquisitively ask "who told you it was ok to talk to someone like that?" you'll get a dumbfounded look without actually saying anything of repercussion. working in big box retail has yielded me some amazing stories. some involve unruly customers, most involve black friday, and a few result in some hilarious attempts to steal shit in the store. you've all been in big box stores, so i'll describe this one's layout. (remember = don't guess! youbanistan is not a fun place to visit...they don't have cookies or milk at all!) the layout at the time was that your pcs, televisions, appliances, and all the big ticket items were on the outside of the main floor. we had a white and black walkway that was a gigantic square which wrapped around the store and separated the big ticket stuff from the smaller items in the center. inside the center were cameras, cell phones, and most importantly, shelves upon shelves of cds, dvds, video games, etc. middle of the week in this store was boring as hell. most of us kept ourselves entertained on our earpiece radios by playing guessing games and commenting on the mullets that came into the store and even giving a rating by referring to them as "code m" which would prompt about ten employees to start looking at the department. our lp guy was a good friend of mine, and at 6'7" with a hilarious sense of humor, the store tended to be more fun when he was watching the cameras up front. on this day, however, we got our entertainment from a short woman who decided she was going to try and rob us blind. it was a little cool outside, but nothing overbearing as it was early spring. this woman, however, had come in wearing extremely heavy and somewhat baggy pants, a winter jacket, sunglasses (kept them on indoors), and a heavy sweater underneath. it wasn't a minute before she was in the dvds and already frantically looking around and just acting sketchy. my friend at lp, we'll call him alex, hits me up on the earpiece. **alex: hey man, can you wander over by this woman in dvds and see what the hell she is doing?** **me: yeah...why? is she acting strange?** **alex: oh yeah. she did a triple take at one of the cameras i have locked on to her.** **me: wow. why is she bundled up like it's 20 below outside?** **alex: that's why i want you to watch her.** i set up camp about three aisles diagonally from her and actually had a good view. sure enough, this woman grabs a bunch of the cheap dvds that weren't in security cases, looks around, and stuffs them down her pants. **me: you catch that on camera?** **alex: yep, already calling the police now. just keep locked onto her.** she wasn't content there. she made a few stops along the way, stopping at the xbox 360 section, the blu-rays, and the ps3 games. hey, at least she wasn't a fanboy of one system or the other! thieves apparently don't discriminate! she spent the next ten minutes or so walking around to make it seem like she was just browsing. at this point, there are four of us basically watching her from a distance while we wait for the police, who showed up in the form of two cruisers outside. one was set up in the parking lot, the other pulled up alongside the front of the building just away from the entrance. alex went out to greet him, where the officer was outside stretching and limbering up. **alex: why are you stretching, sir?** **officer: i hope she runs. i need a workout!** meanwhile, back in the store, our little thief had caught on to the fact that she was being watched the entire time and was putting the cheap dvds back in a different spot than the belonged. once she did that, even though she still had plenty of other things, she loudly announced to everyone as she made for the exit "i put everything back don't you all dare touch me you fucking pricks!" oye. some people just don't get it, do they? of course, the alarm goes off when she hits the exit and bolts right past alex as he's coming back into the building. now, store rules for us meant that once she was outside the store, we couldn't chase her. however, officer workout was ready and, sure as shit, she took off the moment she saw the cruiser. we would find out later that the officer used to play safety for a division three college nearby, which wasn't a shock as he performed a beautiful form-fitting tackle on her in the middle of the parking lot. you know the type i'm talking about: getting her from behind, lifting her completely off her feet, but making sure that he set her back down on the feet like you would in football warmups when practicing tackling form. no injuries, no blood, just getting the thief. the best line of the day, though, came from the officer after he brought her back in for us to show her the security tape and to fill out our official paperwork on her. he heads out of the office and comes over to us, giving us his direct phone number. **officer: seriously, guys, just call me next time and not dispatch. i love this shit.** **tl;dr - woman decides to steal shit from store, finds out that officer was ex-football player and knows how to tackle!****background:** i work at an internationally recognized convenience store/gas station in a small, but economically diverse city, and as such our store gets a wide variety of patrons. **story:** our store is smack dab in the center of my city, and as such local law enforcement love to stop by because we offer free coffee and soda whenever they need no questions asked. however, tonight i was working on my own for a little bit while i waited for my co-worker to come relieve me. i saw a police cruiser pull up and thought nothing of it. a minute later, a lady comes in from the gas pump and asked if she could use the restroom. i direct her to end of the store where our singular customer restroom is and remind her to bring the key in with her because if not then someone could walk in on her. a few minutes pass and then the officer from the parked police cruiser walks inside. i greet him as i do everyone else and he ignores me and walks straight to the back of the store where the restroom is. i'll be me, he'll be **apm** or angry police man. &gt;me: i'm sorry sir, i believe there's a woman in there right now. &gt;apm: no there isn't. if there was she'd have taken the key with her. of course this bitch left the key hanging off the door. i usually don't play bathroom monitor, but i knew with 100% certainty that she was still in there because she was the only person besides the officer who'd be in the store for the past ten minutes or so. &gt;me: no, i'm pretty sure she's in there, i just heard her flush. &gt;apm: yeah right kid. so apm ignores my warning and proceeds to burst open the bathroom door. of course the woman is still on the toilet with her pants around her ankles and all i hear is: &gt;shut the fucking door! yeah, you really showed me how it's done. maybe next time he'll listen before he goes barging in.now let's just set the mood of this tale; it was our busiest time of the day, we had a moderate sized line, and we were low on workers. it was an incredibly stressful time. and now, let us begin. i work at a local ice cream store, and right around 5 in the afternoon, we get a slight rush. no, the number of customers isn't unbearable, but it is enough to keep you on your feet. so sample lady and her family walk in, all excited to get their ice cream. they had never been to our store, so the workers are encouraged to be *extra nice* to these customers. first off, sample lady is not an attractive lady at all. she is missing half of her teeth, and is not the thinnest person on the planet. a slight scent of fecal matter surrounds her, and her shoes have massive holes in them. yes, this has nothing to do with the story, but it will help you get a mental image of how i was attempting to serve this lady. sample lady then proceeds to ask for a sample of a few different flavors. not a problem at all until she says "heck, i will just try them all to figure out what i want." oh goodness. so the process begins. in our store, we have 44 different flavors of ice cream out at one time, and are encouraged to give as many free samples as the customer wants. so beginning at one end of the store and making our way towards the other, more and more customers begin to file into our store. sample lady is still sampling when we have over 10 customers behind her, asking for my personal opinion on each flavor. when we finally finished our journey, sample lady, get this, still doesn't know what she wants. so not only did i just waste a literal half-hour serving her samples, but i am having to wait on her to choose what she wants. by this time, all of sample lady's family has ordered and have now completely finished their ice cream. sample lady's daughter approaches her mother and says "hey mom, we're all done with ours..." realizing that she is holding up a line and her family, sample. lady. leaves. she leaves the store. she doesn't even order anything. i have yet to see sample lady again.so i used to work as a cashier at a retail store. as i'm walking around my aisle straightening up merchandise, a lady and her son are waiting in line at a checkout line (not mine). the son has on a pair of heelys(shoes with small wheels in the heels) and is running up and down in front of the checkout lanes as fast as possible, then rolling on his heelys. now the mom seemed like an incredibly soft spoken individual, and was softly saying things like "&lt;sons name&gt; please come here""stop doing that" etc etc. the kid was having none of it, completely disregarding his mom like she wasn't even there. i can see the mom getting irritated, and finally she snaps and yells "&lt;sons name&gt; get over here right now!!" kid just responds with an equally as loud "no!!!" and proceeds to take off on another sprint. right across from the checkout lanes are shopping aisles, and this kid decided to run a little closer to that side this time as to avoid his mom as he rode by her. cue a little old lady pushing her cart from behind one of those aisles. the kid doesn't even have time to put his hands up before he smacks face first into this cart. it had some heavy stuff in there because this kid was moving and the cart barely moved at all as he face-bounced off, and landed flat on his back. it was something that should have been in a 3 stooges film. the carts were the plastic ones with the small diamond shaped patterns, and the kid came running back to mommy, crying hysterically, with a red imprint of the cart on his face. okay, here goes. a gentleman comes into our store last night, gets a few groceries, and goes to self checkout. as he's there, his light starts blinking, so i go over. he is using a one day pass that allows you to shop without a membership but charges you a surcharge. he says he would like me to override the surcharge so he doesn't have to pay it. &gt; me: i'm sorry sir, but i can't do that. &gt; guy: but i have my membership card right here. he pulls out his wallet and shows it to me. then, kind of sheepishly, he says, &gt;i just don't want this showing up on my purchase history. i take a closer look at his screen. the only item he is purchasing is a 40 ct. box of condoms, and he's paying cash. oh. ohhh. none of my business. so, professionally as you please, i offer to help him. &gt; me: well, i can't override the surcharge, but i can refund it to you after your purchase. will that work? &gt;guy: yes, thank you. that will work just fine. so he finishes up with the condoms and then rings his groceries through separately, and then comes up to my counter to get his refund, which i give him with a smile on my face and tell him to have a good night (hah). afterwards, my lp manager comes over to ask what i just did because it looked a little suspicious, so i told her. bless her heart, this little old lady burst out laughing and said something about being wild and crazy in her younger days. some days i really love my job.just after i graduated highschool, i worked as a page for the local library. i know that pushes the ragged edge of retail, but we had customers, and really, what is a library but a book store that doesn't understand economics? ***** we had some regulars in the library. some were kids from the highschool across the street whose parents used as a substitute daycare, and others were grown-ass men who spent their entire days in a public library. it takes all kinds. this is a story about mr. meerkat, the worst of our regulars. every day - from open to close - mr. meerkat would be there. he had a study booth that he always took. one in the back where nobody could see him. he earned his distinctive name from the fact that he would stand up every couple of minutes to see if anyone was approaching him. now, i have no place judging strange people. it happens. of the 7 billion people on the planet, there are gonna be some anomalies. mr. meerkat had a bigger problem though. he hid things. we didn't have any cameras, so we were never able to prove it because everyone knew. he had a big problem with president obama (fair enough) and the american left in general (also fair enough). but we would see him with say, *dreams from my father*, and a month later we would find it stuffed in a corner under a stack of magazines. he'd also remove the new yorker, and hide the %local_gay_newspaper%. this has been going on for years. he's just clever enough, and county government employees are just apathetic enough, that nothing has been done about it. enter the all seeing eye. i was working two jobs at the time, the library and an internship at a local tech company. i was doing 12 hour days every day at the tech place, and days i worked at the library were generally 15 - 16 hours. after two months of this i was an exhausted angry mess. i spot him sitting away from his usual space holding a copy of freakonomics. not reading, just sitting, watching me. i know what's coming, and duck behind and aisle to watch him. fool thinks i can't see him. he jams the book between the stuffed chair he was in and the wall and walks off. my sleep deprived brain snaps, and i head over, grab the book he hid, and tap him on the shoulder. **sauron:** "sir, you *forgot* your book." **meerkat:** "no i didn't." &lt;shrugging with palms facing ceiling&gt; **s:** "sir, don't think i don't know what you've been up to. it makes my job harder. i don't like it when you make my job harder. please cease before it becomes a problem." i lay the book in his palm and walked off without a backwards glance at my beaten foe. edit: i can't spell. edit the 2^nd: wow, quote of the day. thank you all for making my sophomore slump completely unavoidable!this happened back several months ago, in the beginning months of the year. we were having our morning huddle, when a customer walked in. one of our managers saw him, greeted him and this follows: &gt;c: i didn't realize i was late for the meeting! &gt;m: *joking* what, no coffee and doughnuts?! &gt;c: i didn't realize it was my day to bring them! &gt;m: that's okay, we'll forgive you this time. so a day or two later, he comes back in to our morning huddle, bringing a couple boxes of doughnuts, and like, a gallon of coffee, from a local coffee shop! i know we bitch and complain about customers, but this was the one instance that a customer was really awesome, and made all of our days.i've been working in a grocery/clothing/general merchandise retailer for about four years. mostly i work up at the customer service desk, which entails printing up money orders, processing wire transfers, selling all the tobacco products, cashing out lottery, and primarily, returns and exchanges. a year or so ago, during a slower part of the day, a man (probably in his mid-late 50's) comes up to me at the desk with an xbox 360 to return. he said that he bought it a couple weeks prior (which was true, as he had his receipt still and i checked the date) for his son who decided that he wanted a ps3 instead. he said that they already purchased a ps3 somewhere else, and he just needed to return the xbox. unfortunately, even with a receipt, gaming consoles (in addition to all computer software and hardware, cds, dvds, video games, etc) are non-refundable once they've been opened. i've always thought that this policy was completely reasonable, especially since my store only deals in brand new products, not used. and we can't ship it back to the manufacturer unless there is some kind of manufacturer's defect, which in this case, there was not. i calmly explained to him that once a console has been opened, we can do nothing but exchange it for an identical product (and that's only in the case of a defect). he scowls at me and demands a manager. fine, awesome. i can see where this is going, and i don't get paid enough to deal with the brewing storm of attitude. so i call up the electronics manager, and he comes over to talk to the customer. the customer explains that he doesn't want the xbox anymore, and wants his money back. in return, the electronics manager disclosed our return policy basically verbatim for what i said. he demands a different manager, this time much, much louder. wow, okay. so i give *my* direct manager a call and ask her to come over. she comes over, gets the spiel from the customer about how he wants his goddamn money back, and how we're stealing from him by not giving him a refund. she asks the electronics manager (who is still standing up here) what our policy is, he informs her, she looks at the customer and says something like, "sorry, this is our policy. if there's anything else we can do for you, please just ask hostile __17." the man explodes. yelling and screaming about how he doesn't want this fucking thing, and it's ours and we have to take it back. there was some more screaming about how we're dirty thieves and we're stealing money from him, and how it's illegal. lots of yelling. i called the store director. the boss's boss's boss. he gets paid enough to deal with this bullshit. the director (who is actually a completely rational cool dude) comes up and (after patiently listening to this guy's ranting for about 10 minutes) gives him the same answer that he's gotten from the rest of us. (don't you love it when your managers back you up after you've said no to an asshole customer?) this is the last straw for unhappy customer guy. he claims that if we aren't going to do something for him, he's calling the police to arrest us all for theft. yep. theft. i'm stoked to see if he does, and apparently the managers are too, so they tell him that he is free to call the police if he wants to. dude picks up his cellphone, calls his lawyer (or at least claims to), and leaves a message detailing the situation. apparently his lawyer didn't have time in the middle of a work day to answer a call from one of her clients. he makes a second call to the 6 o'clock news. he wants everyone to know how shitty [undisclosed retailer] treats their customers, and screams at us about how we'll all be out of jobs and that no one will ever shop here again! it's a nationwide chain, bro. i'm pretty sure we're going to be fine, but thanks. he makes a final call to the police. they were the only ones to answer the fucking phone. hah. he says that the customer service bitch from [retailer] has stolen hundreds of dollars from him, and is being backed up by all her dumbass managers. he's screaming at the cops over the phone (i'm almost surprised that the police didn't hang up on him, but, i mean, they *are* the cops. i don't think they can legally hang up on anyone who's dialed 911). it takes the cops about 30 minutes to show up, during which time my managers have gone back to their jobs, and i'm filing away some paperwork, and this crazy dude has plopped himself on the floor in front of my desk (having some kind of sit it or something). every time another customer starts heading my way, he yells and screams at them, "don't shop here!! they steal your money! bunch of fucking thieves!!!" i'm fine with this. it's hilarious, he looks like a bridge troll and i have paperwork to catch up on. eventually the police show up and the dude brings them over to me and has the most smug look on his face. it won't last. he declares to the nice officers that i took his money and refused to give it back, which obviously puzzles them, as i'm a fucking employee and covered by like five cameras at all times. i clarify that i didn't take *anything* from him. he bought an xbox a couple weeks back, opened it up and played it, then wanted to return it. i also explained our return policy to them. i showed them the copy of this policy which was hanging by my desk, by the desk that the xbox was purched at, on our website, and on his receipt. i can tell that the poor cops are just dreading dealing with this guy, but they give him an ultimatum. he can either: *not get a refund from us and go home. *not get a refund and go to jail. angry customer: "i'd rather go to jail then let these fuckers win! i'm not leaving without my money!!!!!" i don't think he was getting it. so the cops handcuff him and start heading towards the door, when i realize that his xbox is still sitting on the counter. i grab it and run after them. me: "wait, sir! you left your merchendise at the counter." one of the cops takes it from me. me: "have a wonderful day, sir! thank you for shopping at [retailer]!" i'm pretty sure he would have strangled me if he hadn't been handcuffed. haha. **tl;dr: dumbass customer calls the cops on himself, and it's ever so sweet.**hello r/talesfromretail, i'm a longtime lurker who thought it's about time i shared with you some of my *"delightful"* experiences with customers i have had working for one of the uk's biggest telecommunication companies. having worked there for quite some time now i am pretty much a vet and if there's two things the job has taught me it's that: * 1 if you're not speaking to people face to face they will show you just how repugnant they can be * and 2 that some people's entitlement knows no bounds. i work by a simple adage :- *i work in customer service, i provide customers with a service, i am not a customer servant.* anyway onto the tale. i am sitting at my desk browsing r/talesfromretail when i glance at my countdown timer, wearily i lift my headset and sign into my phone as the countdown reaches zero. i smile to trick myself into thinking i'm going to be able to sustain a modicum of happiness until the end of my shift, my final break is already a distant memory and now i face the slog through until hometime when she blips through. let's call her entitled bitch (or eb for short). &gt;me: hello you're through to- &gt;eb: shut up and listen. &gt;me: excuse me? &gt;eb: i said listen! &gt;me: i'm all ears miss. &gt;eb: good! *you* are going to explain to me where my technician is, **do**. **you** **understand**? [a technician is one of our guys in the field he goes and repairs equipment etc.] &gt;me: i do... &gt;eb: ... &gt;me: can i firstly get your account details for the purposes of data protection? i just need your name and password. &gt;eb: [audible sigh] i can't remember my password. &gt;me: can you remember your name? &gt;eb: of course! &gt;me: can i have that to start with? &gt;eb: entitled bitch. &gt;me: okay eb, i'm going to ask some security que- &gt;eb: look i don't have time fo- &gt;me: look, i understand you are frustrated but i have to complete security because you haven't quoted the password, if i don't do it i'll lose my job. &gt;eb: i don't care about your job i want y- &gt;me: i'll stop you there, you might not care but i certainly do, now we can move this along a lot quicker if you just go along with the process. i can hear the seething rage in her voice, she's not used to being spoken to so directly, i sit proudly like the walls of jericho and she has no trumpet to break me down. she huffily comlies with my request. &gt;me: okay now that we've cleared dpa let me have a look and see what's going on here. &gt;eb: ... &gt;me: okay so you booked a technician on the 16th? &gt;eb: yes my tv service is broken, my downstairs set top box is showing an extremely poor quality of picture and this is **simply unacceptable!** i booked a tech to come out with one of your idiot advisors and i specifically asked for a **morning slot!!** but the idiot booked me in for an afternoon slot so *i* had to take time out of **my** day to call back to your automated service yesterday and reshedule it for today. &gt;me: okay so i can see you did indeed call back in yesterday and reshedule your appointment for a morning slo- &gt;eb:and you kept sending me these stupid fucking text alerts saying your appointment is scheduled for today throughout all of yesterday but with the **wrong** time so i had to cancel them **so where the fuck is the man who's coming to fix my tv.** &gt;me: okay eb, i'm going to have to ask you not to shout down the phone at me, i'm well aware you're frustrated but screaming in my ear isn't going to solve anything so please calm down and let me have a look and see what's going on the line will go quiet but i'll be back asap. i put her on silent hold, where in i can hear her but she can't hear me, i chuckle as she calls me some very colourful names. i check the notes on her account and realize what's happened and for the first time all day i smile a real smile, a smug smile and realise what i'm about to say is going to make me very happy right up until the end of my shift. &gt;me: hi et? &gt;eb: what? &gt;me: do you know this number? 077*******? &gt;eb: yes of course it's mine! &gt;me: does anyone else have access to your phone? &gt;eb: are you an idiot? of course not! &gt;me: okay, it's just you mentioned that you called our automated service and booked in a morning appointment for today. &gt;eb: yes i did! &gt;me: did you recieve a confirmation text when you done that? &gt;eb: ... &gt;me: are you still the- &gt;eb: no i did not. &gt;me: really it's just i can see we sent one out to your number, the one i just read to you and it seems as though you've sent us a reply back to cancel your appointment from your phone. stunned silence, i can practically hear the gears in her head come to a grinding halt as they try to figure out who is to blame for this tragedy. &gt;eb: what are you saying? &gt;me: well it looks as if you've cancelled your own appointment by mistake. &gt;eb: well what are you going to do about it? &gt;me: well the best i can do really, is book another appointment &gt;eb: when for? &gt;me: that'll be in two days time. &gt;eb: that's not good enough i've been waiting for days. &gt;me: i know but there's other appointments booked in, the closest slot i have is in two days time. &gt;eb: this is really, really, **really fucking poor** customer service and you know something you haven't even apologised to me for any of this? &gt;me: excuse me? &gt;eb: you! i demand an apology for this, i want money off my bill i wan- &gt;me: wait a minute eb. i have to stop you there, this isn't my fault and it's not [telecommuncation company]'s fault. this is your fault, why on earth should i apologise to you for your mistake? &gt;eb: ... &gt;me: your appointment is in two days, that's the best i can do for you. will that be all? &gt;eb: yes. &gt;me: goodb- and she was gone, hopefully to sulk like the petulant child she is whilst cursing me for daring to talk back whilst i grinned satisfied for the rest of my shift. *i work in customer service, i provide customers with a service, i am not a customer servant.* edit : some formatting, changed et to eb. edit 2 : wow thanks for all the love guys &amp; quote of the day. i may have found ym new home &lt;3so this just happened. english is my second language, and in my language we never say "please", "madam", "sir" or anything formal like that, so that rubs off on my english, if anyone think i was rude to the lady. i work in a place that among other things has a lot of tourists. this particular lady had been at my desk earlier with some questions. a few hours later she came back. her: so, i have this other question, that is not about [workplace]. (this is common seeing as we have many tourists asking general questions about the city, restaurants etc.) me: sure, i'll do my best to help you. her: i don't have my credit card, and i need to buy this thing online, so if you could use your card, i could give you cash. me: errrr.. excuse me? her: [says the same thing again] me: i'm sorry, but i'm not comfortable doing that. her: but why? i'll give you cash. (at this point i'm not sure how to explain it further without offending her) me: i'm sorry, i'm just not comfortable using my own private credit card like this her: well, that's very rude. i just need some help, i don't understand why when i can give you cash. me: i'm very sorry, but i'm just not comfortable with it, plus it'd be against company policy if i ordered things online from work. i could get fired. (i have no idea if that's true, but it defenitely could be) she gave me an angry look and left without a word. edit: turned out to be an overall strange day. there was a guy sat in our café blasting the pokémon theme from his laptop on repeat for 30 minutes untill someone asked him to stop. edit 2: was the [danish version]( of the pokémon song.hey there tfr, i'm a longtime lurker and i didn't really have anything worthwhile to post until now. also, it should be noted that i don't technically work in retail, but i do work in customer service... i don't know if that excludes me from posting, but i hope not. anyway, a little background, i work at the headquarters of a particular state's police force, and i am the guy in charge of fingerprinting all civilians. on average i fingerprint about 45 people a day, most of these encounters are short, sweet, and forgettable, this one time, however, was not. at about 10:00 am, a larger woman in a red dress comes in and immediately takes a seat. which, granted, is odd, as they usually come up to me, or go up to a nearby window to ask questions/see if they need to check in or whatever, however, it does happen. i finish fingerprinting the person i am on, and politely ask the woman if she is there to be fingerprinted or if she's looking for another office. (people get lost here, it's a big building) she tells me she is not being fingerprinted and asks if it's okay to just park a seat for a while. sure, whatever, it doesn't bother me any. i continue fingerprinting people. at approximately 11:15, a young woman of mexican descent comes in. usually i wouldn't mention the ethnicity, but i feel it's important in this instance as this woman hardly speaks a lick of english. it's fine, i pantomime which fingers i need, and we get her fingerprinted rather quickly. she then thanks me and goes to the window to ask for information about something else. (not sure what, i had other customers to deal with) about 11:30 rolls around and she goes to the window a second time and this time, i hear her ask about an escort. now, this is odd, as no one asks for an escort. the woman behind the window offers to get her manager and walks away. at which point the woman comes to me and asks me if i could escort her because she's afraid. now i have to explain that i am not the kind of guy you'd immediately go to for an escort. 1. i'm not an actual officer, i'm just a clerk essentially. 2. i'm wearing a sweater vest. 3. i'm a tall guy, but quite wiry and couldn't hold my own if push came to shove. 4. i'm not supposed to leave my post except for scheduled breaks i try to explain this to the woman, but she isn't really getting much of it. i try to get her to wait until an actual police officer shows up to help her but she refuses, saying frantically that she "has to leave now because that woman is watching her." now this is the first mention of *why* she needed an escort, so i attempt to pry more information out of her. she explains, in broken english, that the large woman in red has been watching her the whole time, giving her "devil's eyes" and whispering things under her breath, and she's scared she might be attacked. i look over to see if the woman in red is doing such things, but she's gone, and the woman before me frantically explains that she's waiting out in the hallway, trying to catch her as she leaves, and attack her. i don't believe her, but i pretend i do. i try to calm her down and check my watch, seeing that it's been quite a few minutes and no police officer has shown up yet. i have customers waiting. finally, i break down and agree to escort her out of the building. i quickly apologize to my waiting customers, and then i walk out with the woman. the hallway is, as i expected, completely clear of the woman in red. as we hastily walk towards the elevators, her out of fear, me out of the need to get people fingerprinted, the woman in red steps out of a bathroom door in front of us, blocking us off. the scared woman scurries behind me, hoping that my thin body will protect her. it won't, but i stand firm. the red woman hisses, and i do not use this verb lightly, she legitimately sounded like she was trying to pull of her best anaconda impression, "i know what you are." i point to myself, "me?" "no not you," she spits, once again, i use this literally, as some spittle flew in an arc from her mouth. "that *thing* behind you." the woman behind me lets out a little moan of terror. the red woman continues, "do you have any idea what that *thing* is? that *creature* you're protecting?" i've worked retail before so i know how to calm people down (or at least, that's what i tell myself), so i said, "ma'am, i do know who she is, she's a very scared young woman, and i'm taking her to the front door." "no," the red woman shouts. "she's a demon! an ally of the adversary!" this causes me to blink. now, i've dealt with some crazies in my time, both at retail and when i worked at a pool (which is another story in and of itself), but i had never, *never*, experienced something like this, and quite frankly i didn't know how to handle the situation. the young woman behind me was pulling on my sweater vest and begging me to move. i too desperately wanted to move, but in order to get to the elevators or the stairs, we'd have to shove past the red woman. instead, i tried to calm the woman down, "ma'am, i don't know who you think this woman is-" "who?!" she shrieked, cutting me off. "it is not a *who*, but a *what* and what it is is a demon. a creature like her ruined my family and i won't let her do something like that to another family." the woman behind me shrieked again for me to move. and this time i did, realizing that there was absolutely no dealing with the red woman. i began walking quickly, with my long legs i can cover ground very quickly, and with the woman, now in tears, clinging onto me, i pushed past the woman in red and going towards the elevators and the stairs. "do you know what kind of evil you are aiding?!" the red woman boomed as i rushed by. "do you not know that by aiding it you are also partaking in its evil ways?! i know it looks like a mere woman to you, but it's not, that's how it deceives you!" i ignored her and made for the stairs, knowing that the elevator wouldn't be ready in time. i knocked open the large metal door and together, the crying woman and i rushed down the stairs, me taking them two at a time, her clinging to me for dear life. above us the woman in red began shouting down at us, what sounded like a prayer ripped straight from *the exorcist* (or one of its many sequels), full of a great deal of "begones!" and "i banish thees!" i ignored them as best i could and rushed down the five floors of stairs and into the main lobby. in the lobby are several uniformed officers at all times to run security and help visitors find their way around and so forth. i rushed over to one of these officers and explained the situation as best i could, because the poor woman behind me was a terrified blubbering mess, and couldn't communicate her feelings to save her life. i could tell that part of him didn't believe a word of it, and frankly, i didn't believe much of it myself. of course, he did believe when the red woman stepped out of the elevators and made a bee-line towards us, the crying woman shrieking at the sight of her. the red woman, her eyes narrowed, and her cheeks red from exertion began to start in on another prayer, screaming at the top of her lungs in the middle of the lobby at this poor woman. the officer immediately called for backup as he tried to diffuse the situation. desperately trying to do what i had done and make the woman in red calm down. instead, it seemed he only began to make her angrier, as her prayers became louder and more desperate. a crowd was beginning to form. stunned faces surrounded us as a two more officers appeared and began to separate the woman. two ended up dragging the red woman away to calm her down and get her side of the story. the original officer questioned me again and tried to get the poor crying woman to calm down, however it didn't work. eventually the red woman was escorted out of the building, one officer on either side of her. on the way out she just glared at the poor little woman, who continued to hide behind me, until a few minutes later another officer appeared and escorted her to her car. the original officer then turned to me and asked, "what the hell was that?" i don't know officer, i don't know. bewildered, i returned to my desk only to discover that i had 10 customers waiting to be fingerprinted, all of them were agitated at me for making them wait so long. i had to work through my lunch break to get caught up. **aftermath** i wish i could tell you what happened after the fact, but the truth is, i don't know. i haven't seen either of the women for over a week, and i have only bumped into the officer once since and just laughed and gave a small head shake when he saw me. upon coming home after work that day, i told the story to all of my friends and only one believed me, and that's only because he had worked for the state and as he put it, "dude, some really weird shit goes on in state offices." i have to agree with him.i don't work at this store, but i thought you guys might like this story anyway. i was in line the other night at a certain popular overpriced grocery in the nicer area of town behind a very pretty middle aged asian lady and as she was checking out, the guy in front of her, a slightly balding redhead wearing a very nice suit, was standing at the bagging area trying to convince her to have drinks with him that night. he was complimenting her looks, asking if she was single and such. she seemed a little embarrassed but eventually smiled and agreed, the cashier was all excited and encouraging her on as well. after i was finished checking out i walked to my car and they were putting their groceries into the same car and chatting, very obviously husband and wife at that point. at first i had thought he was being a little forward and bugging her a bit but seeing that it was her husband playing at picking up his dream girl at the grocery, it was really, really sweet. browsing tfr has made me remember all sorts of stories i never got around to posting. this happened mid-november. i was cashiering, as always at [grocery store]. a very cute little kid was sitting in the main basket of his adult's cart, unpacking her groceries for her. i'm just taking things as they come down and packing them up, mostly tuning out the interaction between the boy and the woman with him. finally, i'm waiting on the last item as he's trying to fish it out of the cart. he drops it on the belt: one single bulb of garlic in a plastic bag. it comes down the belt toward me and he says the single cutest thing i've ever heard a small child say, much to the delight of the other customers in line, and the cashier in the register behind me. small child: *waves to the garlic* bye baby pumpkin! this marks one of the very few times a child was more cute than a complete nuisance in my store. i do have a few other cute kid short-stories i could share though.was at work one day, when a rather irate looking woman comes up to me and starts explaining that her daughter bought one of our products only yesterday (er no we were closed yesterday) and proceeds to show me a photo on her phone of a broken product that her daughter dropped. i checked stock and we had no more the woman became more irate and said that she was not happy because the product was faulty and fell and broke, just a minute earlier it had been dropped now it had fell. there was a few seconds silence when the woman said ok can i have a refund then, i said do you have the product with you? she said no my daughter has it. i said well i cant do anything without the product back the lady mumbled something and went off in a huff. so there some idiot wanted to return an item they didn't have.**i work in a grocery store in the south in the customer service department. this guy came up to cash a paycheck** "dang, 60 bucks to uncle sam in taxes," said the customer. "that isn't too bad, man," i replied cheerfully trying to make conversation, "could be worse". "it is when you have that on top of child support. thanks again to uncle sam." at this point i just smiled and nodded. i fought the urge to tell him it wasn't uncle sam that got his girlfriend pregnant.so, i was talking to a co worker, and found out that we both used to frequent the same 24 hour diner. he shared this story with me, and i thought i'd share with you. so my friend and his friends went to this diner, and were sat next to a very large woman, (probably about five foot nothing, and around 300 pounds) and her very skinny boyfriend. also, shes really drunk. so big fat drunk lady (bfdl) demands that her boyfriend give her a dollar, she wants to play the claw machine. she walks over to the claw machine and drops the dollar. when she bends over to pick it up, her too small sweat shorts dissapear into her butt. my. friend described it as "the largest, grossest, most pock marked and cellulite ridden cottage cheese ass you have ever seen." so, that is pretty gross. after trying and failing the claw machine, bfdl disappears around the corner for a few minutes. she comes back just as her food gets to the table, but along with the waitress, two cops walked up to the table. the cops say "ma'am, some of the other patrons said that they saw you take four dollars from a table that they left as a tip". bfdl immediately starts yelling and cursing at the officers "oh hell no! thats bullshit!" she pulls some neatly folded twenties in a money clip from one pocket as shes screaming. she pulls from the other pocket, four crinkled ones. "this hear is my money, i found it" , she yells as shes trying to smooth out the money. then she realizes what she said and changes her story "no, i brought these from home! this is my money!" finally the officers have had enough, and they say that shes going to have to come with them. bfdl screams no, picks up her plate of food and smashes it against the wall. at this point she goes under the table and comes back up eating a piece of food that hit the floor. the officers lead her out in cuffs at this point, as shes screaming and spraying food chunks everywhere. the super skinny boyfriend who has not said a single word at this point, looks at his food, lets out a long deep sigh and says "man. she has the keys" tl;dr she had the keys. edit* i can't spell.a bit of background on me: i work for one of the major supermarket/grocery chains in australia as a service supervisor in the service department. this basically means (as most of you would know), i work on the registers and at the service desk, and deal with transactions, complaints, refunds/returns/replacements, and pretty much anything else that could possibly happen... i've been working in the service department for around 6 years, and have been a supervisor for around 2 years. ------ this one day, i was managing self-checkouts (dealing with interventions, answering questions, etc), and was currently chatting to a lady going through one of the sco machines (cause it was quiet)... one of the machines next to her broke after a customer had used it, and unfortunately due to what broke, was not able to be fixed at a store level (we had to put in a call to support for it), so i closed it... now, i decided to be a bit silly... because why not, and it was quiet... i got the closed signs from most the other sco machines, closed the broken machine (so it displayed "closed" on the screen), and put about 6 close signs all over the damn thing. there was a sign on the tray where you put your basket, a sign on the scales, a sign in front of the receipt printer, a sign in the bagging area, a sign on top of the screen, a sign on top of the eftpos machine, and the machine itself had its screen showing "closed". that should be obvious enough right? riiight? the lady i had been speaking to looked at me like i was mad and said "do you have enough closed signs there?" i simply replied "eh, i'm bored and i want to see if people read signs. i bet you that someone will come and ask me if this machine is open before i finish my shift." she simply replied with "hah, no one would be that stupid." famous last words? :p not 30 seconds later, some random lady came over and this happened &gt; random: is this one available? -gestures to the closed machine- &gt; me: no sorry, it's closed. -gestures to the several closed signs- &gt; me: one of the machines over there are free though. -points at some open machines- &gt; random: oh, ok. thanks! -wanders off to an open machine- i turn around after this to see the lady that i had been speaking to looking completely speechless and in shock. she simply said "did that really happen?" my response? &gt; yup. welcome to retail.as a gas station clerk, most of my customers understand that gas price changes are governed by forces far outside my control. yes, i physically change the price in the computer and on the sign outside, but i don't have any say in the how and when. when the price is going up, we change the sign before we change it on the pumps. when the price is going down, we do the opposite. this way, during the short amount of time when the sign and pumps display different prices, the sign is always higher. this way people who see the sign from the road are never paying more than they expect to. it's important to do it this way so that people can't accuse us of false advertising. in theory. here's what happened. all the gas stations around us were going up by like 40¢, and we were due to raise our prices along with them. because we were among the last to change, we were swamped with people trying to fill up their cars before the price hike. finally it's time to raise our prices. i grab the numbers for the sign and go outside for the walk of shame. same routine as always. i don't make eye contact with anyone. certainly there are customers glad to see they *just* made it in time, but i don't necessarily trust some of my elderly customers to have a full grasp of the situation. they just see a guy raising the gas price. i'm trying to use body language to convey, "i only work here." i change the sign, walk back in, and change the price on the pumps via the computer. i think the moment of mild anxiety is over. nope. within seconds, an old woman throws open the door. &gt;old lady: "did you just raise the gas price?!" &gt;me: "yes." &gt;old lady: "that's false advertising! your sign says $x.xx!" &gt;me: "i'm sorry, but the sign says $x.xx. i changed it before i changed it on the pumps." &gt;old lady: "your sign said $x.xx! that's why i drove here!" &gt;me: "i'm sorry. you must've just missed it. we change the sign first so that people don't pay more than they think they're going to." &gt;old woman: "but you changed it right as i was fueling! the sign said $x.xx when i pulled in!" &gt;me: "did you begin fueling before the price change? if you did, you get the lower price. it doesn't go up in the middle of a transaction." &gt;old lady: "i- i mean no. but i was here! you can't change the price on me before i start filling up!" so she was just slow. unfortunately, there really is no recourse. i can't do anything about the situation. &gt;me: "i'm sorry." she stammers a bit, turns, and walks out. this happened a few months ago, and i still joke about it with my coworkers. "hey, i was able to raise the price without getting yelled at by any old ladies." tl;dr: title says it allso... i'm a manager at a charity shop. today i decided to take the till at our other location for a few hours, just me in the shop, no other staff. they have their own staff and i have never worked that shop before. guy comes in and wants a thing. i tell him the thing will be 50p. guy: oh i get free things, i work at the other shop. me: *blinks* i'm a manager at the other shop and know you don't work there. guy: *face freezes* uh... i used to work there... me: i've been there a year and have never seen you there. guy: i know jenny.... who are you? me: no jenny works at either of our shops. and you'd know my name if you worked for us. he got a bit arsey after that, trying to get into the staff only area, saying over and over that he didn't have the money, was i going to make him walk the streets asking for 50p, trying to claim i wasn't the manager and 'just the shop girl' and then the tried and tested tactic of just standing at the till staring at me. i told him off for challenging my authority - 'i don't care if you don't believe that i am the manager, you don't work here' - eventually told him to either pay up or get out and don't come back he finally produced the damn 50p. definitely not his lucky day. i had been working fast food for about three years when i finally landed a cushy job at a chocolate store. i've dealt with some weird-ass customers, so i'm very good at being patient. but this, i just have no idea. we sold chocolate covered strawberries in the store. they sold out pretty fast despite being sold at a 250% markup. one afternoon when i'm there alone, a girl (about 15) and her mother come up to the counter. &gt;mother: samples &gt;me: excuse me? &gt;mother: where are your samples? now this is a pet peeve of mine, when people just come in, grab free chocolate and walk right back out, especially because they generally grab handfuls "for their family" and truffles are expensive. my manager told me to hide them and only offer them to customers who are looking around or buying something. the daughter is looking at the fruit case so i ask her if she needs any help. &gt;daughter: how much are the strawberries? &gt;me: five dollars each &gt;daughter: ok i'll have one. i grab one for her, wrap it up and take it to the register. i'm checking the code list and punching it in when she sticks her hand over the register with a five dollar bill. she starts waving it until i take it. &gt;me: okay, that'll be $5.65 &gt;daughter: you said five dollars &gt;me: well yeah but there's tax &gt;daughter: no, i don't pay tax i'm not entirely sure if she's joking at this point. her mother comes over and asks why she's taking so long. &gt;daughter: she says there's tax &gt;mother: tax? we don't pay tax. you said five dollars so we're paying five dollars. &gt;me: everything has tax &gt;mother: no it doesn't, i don't pay tax now we have secret shoppers that come around, so i'm doing my best to be polite in case they're trying to prank me. i laugh. &gt;me: well, i'm sorry, i can't waive tax, you can take that up with the government. the mother narrows her eyes and huffs loudly. &gt;mother: then we'll go somewhere that they won't charge us taxes. i stood there in complete confusion as they left the store raving about how they have not and will not ever pay tax on things they buy. edit: a lot of people are bringing up first nations status cards. this would have made sense if they showed one, or mentioned one, or even like threw it at me in a fit of rage. i can unfortunately not read minds yet.background: i work at a videogame store, we buy and sell used games. you can also pre-order games at our store. we have a regular customer who pretty much always pre-orders the newest games and sells his old ones, so he can pay for the new ones. normal stuff. but a few days ago, he had a weird idea. he pre-ordered a game and wanted to pick it up. as usual, i asked him if he wants to sell some game so he can get the new one for a lower price and he pulls something out. he puts the very same videogame (sealed) on the counter and i am super confused. me is obviously me, he will be re (regular): &gt;re: i want to sell this game, so i can get my ordered game cheaper. &gt;me: but...this is the very same game? &gt;re: oh, yeah, it was a gift. but i don't want this one, i want the one i ordered here. &gt;me: but this is literally the same game, there are no differences. there are also no bonuses if you pre-ordered or anything. &gt;re: yeah, that's fine. &gt;*sigh* &gt;me: okay, so we would give you around 30€ (german guy here), so you would have to pay another 30€ to get your version. &gt;re: alright. *takes out his wallet* &gt;me: excuse me, but are you sure you want to do this? i mean, you could also give me 30€ now and take the very same game home that you are selling me, because it is literally the same version. i appreciate that you want to have business with us, but there is no reason for you to do this. &gt;re: so i would just waste my money? &gt;me: *sigh* yes. &gt;re: wow, i didn't realize. thanks. he then left the store. i am still confused about this. in just what way did he think this would be a good thing for him? yo! retail guy for 10 months here. i work at a chain grocery store with a huge focus on customer satisfaction and surveys. i was a cashier for 8 months, grew insane from it, and regained my sanity by moving to produce. regained it until last night. a little preface: about a week ago, i bought a nice blue birdbath from my store during my lunch to give to my mom for mother's day. since i still live with her i didn't want her to see it. so i asked my sm if i could hide it in her office and pick it up later. she thought it was a nice gift and said ok. so i tapped a receipt to it, with my name written on it, and stuffed it there. fast forward to last night. it's the end of my shift and i decide to take the birdbath to my car to bring home. as i load the thing up in a cart and haul it towards the doors, a customer comes up to me and asks how much it was. i tell them, and they ask if we had anymore left. i knew we didn't (i bought it early for a reason), told him so, and he insisted i check. i ask one of my nearby coworkers to look since i'm off the clock. in hindsight i should've left there, but i like helping customers so no biggie. coworker returns, surprise surprise none left. we apologize and he mumbles out an ok. as we are about to to leave, the customer asks if he can buy mine. i think he is joking, chuckle, tell him i already bought it awhile ago. apparently that wasn't the answer he wanted. instantly he starts yelling at me, saying that i'm just some highschool dropout slacker (lol what?) and that either i give him the birdbath or he will complain to the store manager for refusing to service him. at first i was confused and taken aback, but then i just looked at him. started laughing. i told him to go do that, pointed in a random direction and said she is over there. he turns around and stomps off. my coworker just looks at me, and says "you know she went home an hour ago right?" i reply with the best shitting eating grin "ayup. good luck with that fuckwit" we share a laugh and i leave. **edit**: ok just got off work a bit ago and was with friends. i talked to my coworker who said fifteen minutes after i left the guy just kinda stomped out of there. didn't see him today or anything. sorry to disappoint! i have another tfr to share if you'd like instead. briefly, before my husband started working freight he was a train conductor for several years. because of that he was very familiar with the laws and statutes that applied to the railway. ok. so my husband was a supervisor at the train yard/dock where freight was unloaded/loaded for a major shipping company. despite being a supervisor he was very hands on. they were understaffed and his two best workers were a narcoleptic and an albino who always had to take breaks to get out of the sun. one day he gets called over because somehow a customer had gotten the phone number for the dock. to this day he has no clue how they got it. it was an older gentleman who was impatiently waiting for delivery on a very large package. my husband was polite, checked the tracking and verified that it would be unloaded in a few hours, picked up, sent to the warehouse, loaded into a delivery truck and he would have it first thing tomorrow. the man was not happy. my husband verified his expectant delivery date was the following day but this man wanted to drive down to the train dock to pick it up himself. this violated about a million company rules and several railway laws. my husband explained that non-employees were strictly forbidden on the property, they didn't have the proper equipment to load the package into a private vehicle, etc. the man went from not happy to pissed really quickly. after yelling at my husband for several minutes my husband simply hung up. he's not a "people person" and customer interaction was far from his job duties. before he left the phone rang again so he picked up and the pissed customer informed him that his grandson was coming to pick up the item and he'd like to see my husband stop him because he was a cop. again, my husband hung up. about 20min later a squad car pulled up. security had let him thru because, who wants to puss a cop off? he approached my husband, asked if he was the man who kept hanging up on his grandfather and my husband replied, "yes. that was me. i don't know how your grandfather got the number here but we don't do customer service here and it's impossible for him to get his item right now. if he wants to call the warehouse and make arrangements to pick it up once it's there he's welcome to.". like grandfather like grandson; cop was po'd. he starts telling my husband "he will" be handing over the item, blah blah blah. again, my husband explained how it violated company policy and having a non-railway employee on the property was also a no-no for safety reasons. the cop wasn't having any of it and began demanding to know exactly where the package was. my husband explained it was in a freight car waiting to be unloaded with the other largest items of the shipment. at this point the cop began demanding to be taken to the freight car. my husband had enough, "officer, this is private property. your presence here without just cause or a warrant is ridiculous and you could risk the safety of my crew. this train needs to be out of here by a certain time because we have other trains coming in today and frankly you're stalling the whole process just by being here." the cop was quick to retort "you have my grandfathers property. you're not handing it over. id say that possession of stolen property is just cause to be here!". knowing company rules my husband replied "when your grandfather had his item shipped thru our company he automatically agreed to our rules. this process is one of them. and you can't steal something from someone who has yet to take possession of it.". he cop threatened, berated, etc. my husband saw that most of his guys had stopped/slowed working to watch the show and they really did have another train on its way so my husband needed to clear this up fast and get back to work. he told the cop "ok ok. i'll take you too it.". the cop smugly followed as my husband escorted him to the freight car. now i'm not sure what this man had shipped but according to my husband the package was not only huge but very heavy. "so you just gonna throw this in your squad car (the package was a little less then half the size of a car)?". the cop looked confused for a second and said "i'm leaving to get my neighbors flat bed. when i get back you're gonna help me load it.". my husband shook his head, "we don't have the equipment for that and anyone here who helps will be fired. besides, this borders in theft since we're responsible for the item until it's signed for." the cop retorted "you will help or i'll make sure everyone here has to stop work while i run some checks on them.". looking at his watch my husband said "alright. how long?". the cop told him about an hour. after the cop left the crew quickly finished unloading the cars and loading all the packages onto the trucks bound for the delivery warehouse and just as the cop in the flat bed returned the train was taking off into the wild blue yonder. during the time the cop was gone my husband contacted corporate, briefed them and they provided him with info to pass on to the officer. once he'd been told the package was on its way to the warehouse the cop flipped. just as he began threatening my husband and his crew with all sorts of bullshit my husband handed him a piece of paper. "what the hell is this?!". my husbanded responded "that is the phone number to our corporate headquarters. they and their attorneys want a call from you immediately. we have security footage of you trespassing into company property and later i will be writing a statement in regards to how you tried to order me to break laws pertaining to the railway system. your actions here could have caused a train collision due to demanding we stall our trains. i'd make that call quickly because our attorneys are already calling the chief of police to ask why one of his on duty officers would be here demanding unlawful acts, threatening people and trespassing." the crew applauded and the cop had a mini seizure. he screamed, threatened and made violent gestures, to which my husband silently pointed to a security can pointed their way. "that's on tape now too officer. i'd get to making that call before i'm forced to have your truck towed for being on private property.". the cop internally admitted defeat and left. the next day my husband got a call from the chief of police apologizing for his officers actions and kindly asked that my husband not push corporate to follow thru on a lawsuit and charges. my husband obliged under the terms that no officer was to come onto the property again unless they were called or had a warrant (he feared retaliation on himself and his crew). the chief gave my husband his cell phone number and told him if any officer showed up without just cause to call him right away. justice served :)one of my coworkers is a very friendly older lady (upwards of 65) who is so sweet and loves to chat with both employees and customers. she can be a little kooky, but most everybody loves her because she's so nice. anyway, i recently had this conversation with her about the upcoming holiday season: her: do you think i need to request to work on black friday or do you think i'll just get scheduled because everyone else wants it off? me:you want to work on black friday? her: yeah, i love working on black friday! but i didn't get to last year. me: i guess it is kind of exciting, huh? her: oh, i just love watching the stupid fucks run around like chickens trying to save $3! and then she just kind of patted my shoulder and left the breakroom cackling her head off.hello! its your friendly neighborhood sub-shop worker back again. today, i had a guy (think early/mid 20's) come in and order a sandwich. then in the middle of putting on the veggies, he decides to call someone on the phone and talk for a few minutes while my co-worker politely waits for him to finish because whenever she asks what he wants, he ignores her. strike one. then when he finally gets to the register, he asks me how much cookies are. i respond and tell him they are 50 cents each or 3 for $1.30. he asks me "can you give me 3 for $1.00 since i bought a sandwich?" strike two. "no, sir. that's not how it works. our prices are concrete, so it's three for $1.30. if you want three cookies with your sandwich, that's what you'll pay." then as i ring him up, he asks if i have any change to use (out of my own pocket) so he doesn't have to break his $10.00 bill. strike three. you're out. i was trying so hard to be polite, too. but this guy took the cake. do not do any of these things at a store ever. you cannot haggle with retail workers. don't try.i have worked at a pet store for almost a decade and a half. pet stores are special, really special, because they tend to attract a higher-than-typical amount of really 'special' people, as in the type who love animals because most other people can't stand that person, doubtful that the animals would actually like or interact with them either if they weren't a captive audience. i head up the fish room and take many of the fish-related phone calls while i'm working. this lady called me up and was concerned because her fish was exhibiting what she thought was some odd behavior. the conversation was as follows: me: "what exactly is your fish doing?" lady: "well, he kind of goes like this..." me: "he goes like what?" lady: "like this...." me: "i don't understand, you'll have to give me details." lady: "aren't you paying attention, he goes like this!!!...." me: "either the phone line is cutting out every time you try to describe it or i am intermittently going deaf in one ear whenever you start." lady (getting flustered): "i'm trying to show you!!!..." me: "are you gesturing or using body language?" lady: "yes!" me: "ma'am, you are talking to me over a telephone line. i can't see what you are doing." lady: * click * one of the many instances where working retail has substantially darkened my view of and hope for our species. i don't know if she was on something or what. i have a hard time believing that any sane, rational person could possibly believe that i could see what they are doing over a standard, touch-tone telephone.an 8 yo girl came into my bookstore today and asked me where the megan mcdonald books were so she could get her judy moody on, and we got to talking about school. she said one of her classes is learning how to speak chinese. impressed, i asked if she could count to ten and she looked at me like "don't be ridiculous everyone can count to ten in mandarin" and then expertly rattled off the numbers. i asked her how to say a few more words, and she knew each one. it was impressive to say the least. her dad was off to the side, lit up like a lamp and obviously incredibly proud of his awesome daughter. so then this rando customer who was listening in piped up to say "that's an important language to learn these days. for business." um, okay. then, in a slow, condescending 'talking to children' voice: "ko-nee-chew-wa." yup. she gets a blank stare from the girl, and after a beat goes on to say "oh, that's advanced, you probably haven't learned it yet." the girl exchanges looks with her dad and replies "oh, i guess not." after the lady leaves, the girl whispers to her dad "i think that lady believes chinese and japanese are the same language." this little hero was too goddamn polite to say anything to rando lady! knows chinese and diplomacy? she's got my vote. i only wish i had the courage to have simply said "konichiwa is japanese, we were talking about her chinese class." little hero could have kept her moment in the sun, and i don't think i'd lose any sleep if it embarrassed the customer... sorry, little dudess.another story i saw on here reminded me of my own story. i used to work at a red big box store. one day, a lady came through my line with argan oil. at the time, it was a really expensive product. i rang it up with all of her other items and she stopped me to ask for a discount. i looked at it and there was nothing wrong with the package at all. she said she wanted a discount because there was a rubber band on the box. i almost face palmed and politely told her that a rubber band on a perfectly good package was not a reason to get a discount. she got angry and smashed the box herself. she then, very smugly, said "there, now it's damaged. what is my discount?" i took the oil and removed it from the transaction. i told her that it was too damaged to be purchased. she looked at me like i had grown a second head and paid for the rest of her stuff. as she was leaving, the lady behind her asked if she could purchase the oil as it had been the last one. of course i sold it to her at a discount. sorry for any formatting or spelling/grammar errors, english isn't my first languagefor those that don't know, there is an ongoing helium shortage that's lasted a couple of years. helium is sold to stores last -- it's sold to hospitals and the government primarily. i worked in the floral/gift department of a local grocery store for my first job, a few years ago. the particular story below happened pretty frequently, actually, and it still knocks the wind out of me when i think about it. around this time, all of the stores in the area were out of helium for a 3 or 4 month stretch. &gt; cc (confused customer): hi, can i get 20 balloons? &gt; me: i can still get you balloons, but i don't have any helium right now. &gt; cc: can't you just use air? &gt; me: i can, but it won't float. &gt; cc: why not...? *looks at me like i'm crazy* &gt; me: well... we don't have any helium. &gt; cc: what is helium? &gt; me: um... it's the stuff that makes the balloon float. &gt; cc: why won't it float with air?! &gt; me: the balloon is too heavy... helium is light so it makes the balloon float. &gt; cc: that is ridiculous. yes. yes, it is ridiculous.i was working my usual shift at an office supply store, when a guy came up to my register to check some things out. so, after ringing every item through, his total came to about $9. he proceeded to give me a $5 coupon. "ok, so your total comes to $4." the customer looked at me as if what i had just said was the most absolutely ridiculous thing he had ever heard. "no it's not. it can't be. 9+4 is 13." "you're right. and 9-5 is 4." still very confused, he handed me $4 and left. sometimes i just don't know. edit: just to be clear, he was a nice guy, i just thought it was an amusing conversation we had. in fact, he was one of the nicer customers that day, and i didn't mean to make him sound ignorant or idiotic. seems like a few people thought it came across that way, and it was by no means my intention.i was returning some clothes in the women's section when a lady came up to me, slightly out of breath and flustered. "do you have these-" she asked, pointing to the design displayed on a box of tights. i checked the rails and found another box like that. she shook her head, evidently frustrated. "no! do you have *these*," she pointed at the tights again. they had a lace design at the thighs, meant to imitate garters. "ah, garters?" she nodded. "i don't think we do garters, i'm afraid," i told her, which is of course retailspeak for *we definitely don't have that*. "so you don't do them or you do? do you think or do you *know*?" she was obviously pissed and in a hurry, so i did the obvious thing and offered to ask a manager. she swore quietly (probably not at me) as we walked, before turning to me and saying, "he gives me an hour and tells me to dress like a whore. what does he expect?" i kept my mouth shut and nodded sympathetically. turns out we don't sell garters. i informed her her best bet was a nearby lingerie store and she hurried away, checking her watch. the other day i had a customer who picked up three of a fairly cheap item - 80p each, or 3 for £2 (which works out at a 40p discount). i rung them up and said, "that'll be £2 please." lady: "£2? that's not right. they're 3 for 2, aren't they? one-sixty?" me: "no, they're three for two pounds." lady: "it says right here. three for two." she points to the label by the item; her finger is directly below the £ sign. me: "that says three for two *pounds*." lady: "oh, well that's not as cheap as i want them." me: "do you still want them or shall i cancel the transaction?" lady: "no." (that's not a helpful answer, i'm thinking - is it no to the first part or the second part?) then she walks out. there's my answer. and all that over a 40p difference. a few hours later a man came in and picked up two of the same item. i told him they were three for two pounds. he brightened up, commented that it was a good deal, and picked up a third.so the other day, about half an hour before opening, i was facing up some of the shelves near the checkout area at the front of the store when a man came up to me asking when we'd open our front doors. bemused, i managed to point out that we were closed before he walked off cheerily mentioning that he'd head back the way he came - through our back door, that was definitely locked shut. neither the colleague who was with me, or i could work out how he'd got in.i'm a cashier at a grocery chain that breeds special snowflake behavior in our customers. weeks ago a couple came through my lane and spent roughly 200 dollars worth of groceries. apparently, the man left with the building before the transaction was complete. the woman swiped 2 cards, both of them declined twice a piece. i got very nervous because i just had this job for barely a month, and as i said, her man left with the groceries. i politely ask if she had another card. she told me she didn't. at that point i asked if her husband was coming back with the groceries. she deflected the question. i excused myself to get the manager because at this point my line was getting backed up, and i just did not know what to do. the manager voids her entire order and puts her aside to speak with her. my next day of work, i was scolded by my manager for "not showing this woman compassion" and "not apologizing that her card didn't work". little did my manager know, that i have had dozens of customers who cards have declined during the transaction, and in all of those times, they paid up with cash after 2 declined swipes at most, and they were not with someone who left our store with unpaid for merch...in those situations i *did* say "i'm sorry but your card has been declined" but in this situation, i was too concerned about losing my job or not getting my next paycheck behind this (with that said, i was not rude to this woman nor visibly irritated with her) i never found out if they ever paid or not, and i do not even care at this point.**this the second part of an extremely long/involved story. its recommended you don't skim read or skip seconds.** **all of it is 100% true** **[the chinese wedding {epic worst day} part 1]( lets recap shall we? * i was late for work and missed and earlier run because i slept through my alarm * boss yelled and screamed at me and nearly caused me to be late again. * was in fact late again for initial wedding pick up (5mins) * traffic was a nightmare to dropoff * had an unscheduled pick up which i'm apparently held responsible for * wedding coordinator (sneakywc) ties this freaking family heirloom bow across my limo * the bow wire severs the power cable because of the wind/friction * risked my life dodging traffic to get a damn bow * i get yelled at by a very pissed off father of the bride... twice. * sneakywc had just threatened to sue my company and is possibly calling my boss right now! * and i'm **10 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale 2:30pm - to say my day is not going good is a hilarious understatement. with the wedding taking place and i've got a couple of hours to kill, the hood is popped and i start to do some surgery to the limo. i'm no mechanic but i am handy and tech savvy. the toolkit each vehicle has just the basics and i carry a [piler multi-tool]( with me. i whittle away at both sides of the sheathed cable and expose both sides of the [fine mesh of wire]( (closer to the one on the right). i then mash the two ends together and use a crap ton of electrical tape to make sure it holds for the next few hour. i test it out and it works... for now. i make a phone-call to a fellow limo driver i'm friends with and rant to him about my day. he is extremely sympathetic and ends up giving me a lot of advice on how to handle this father of the bride and sneakywc. it turns out he was familiar with this run and was present when the boss was taking down the information. sneakywc and fotb had tried to pull a fast one on me! the extra pickup of the bride n company i just made was not allowed. it would have cost fotb extra because of the time and gas required to get them. not only that, the boss **specifically told sneakywc** that she is **not** to tie this bow on the limo. upon further review of the runsheet, sure enough the crossed out ~~chinese bow~~ was in fact the bosses attempt at circling it and inadvertently crossed out the **no** directly above it. i completely missed it before because i had only glanced at it previously. opps... with new found confidence, i am calm yet determined to see this run through! i now know that i can just take the bow off and argue with the father/family because it was the wedding coordinator who pulled the fast one. but its the bride and groom who are the real victims here. i'll let it stay on for the remainder of the trip because i'm just going to chinatown for the final drop-off. (**6 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) i clean out the limo and make it picture perfect. i microfiber polish the outside to a shine and even readjust the ribbons of the bow so that it will last the final leg of the journey. i tighten down the front wires to the grill so that is this sucker is not coming off (important later). i notice that the fibers of the arms are stretched and very old. the wind and excessive flapping has worn this thing raw, getting run over a few times hasn't helped either. 4:30ish - the wedding has long been over but pictures at the church have taken extra time. i'm to drop them off at 5:00pm at the restaurant. with late afternoon traffic... this is cutting it short as i don't want to charge them extra. drivers [clock out] from a run by immediately filling the car up with gas at the nearest station once a run is over. if the receipt timestamp is 45mins later than the run is supposed to end, the boss will start asking questions or assume we pocketed the extra money. bride and groom are smiling, obviously in a better mood and the events from earlier that day have been tossed aside. i settle them in and smoothly pull out of the parking lot. i'm happy, they are happy, the birds are happy, the sun is shining, my limo is working and this hellish run is about to be over. we are all good right?... ohh how wrong i was. 4:48pm - while on surface streets attempting to head to the 10 freeway, i'm noticing that the arms of the bow are looking worse for wear. the excessive wind is literally pulling the fibers apart near the hood. this catches the attention of the bride and groom and they slide up the bench seats to peer out the front window from the back. bride is worried because the bow is a 75 year old heirloom from her grandmother but accepts its pretty much destroyed. the limo is cruising fast and the right arm of the ribbon tears free near the windshield and is flapping wildly in the wind. *umm... that can't be good*. the three of us are practically holding our breath as we notice the left ribbon tears free close to the same spot moments later. * "uhhh, oooooooohhhh kaaaay! thats not good. i'm going to... uhh, slow down and take care of this ok?" with no protest from the newlyweds, i carefully slow the limo down and make preparations to pull over. you know how movies can sometimes slow down a scene and play it in ultra slow motion. well, i can still see the memories of what happened next replay in perfect high def slow motion. when you have two silk pieces of cloth land on a waxy smooth surface like a hood, there is very little surface friction. combine that with an incline and gravity will take hold. the two arms land gracefully on the white surface and start sliding forward to the front of the car. lincoln towncars have a large fan in the front of the car. large circulating fans in a hot car means you have a vacuum effect going on. silk doesn't weight much. the two long ribbons get sucked up under the limousine and **whhirl** - **wheeze** - **clunk!!!** the limo just stops as we lurch forward! dead! nothing... * whaaaaat the... what the hell! i slam the hazard lights on again for the second time that day and step outside to inspect the damage. the ribbons of this @# $% bow are strung tight like violin strings up and under the bumper of the car. *you have got to be kidding me!* [come on!!!!]( i go back to the drivers cabin and pop the hood... only it doesn't pop. wtf?!?!?! i go to look at it and the @#$%#ing bow is still attached to the grill. [lincoln towncars]( have the grill attached to the hood of the car rather than the frame of the vehicle. when you lift the hood, the grill comes with it. i can't lift the hood because the bow is tied down with wires through the grill and the ribbons are locked up tight underneath the car. i'm screwed!!! (**10 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) i quickly explain to the bride and groom that everything is under control (...like hell it was!) and to please remain in the vehicle while i handle this. with my suit and tie still on, trusty limo repair kit on hand, i crawl on the dirty asphalt to inspect the damage. after a few minutes assessing the situation, i determine that the only way i'm going to free the silk ribbons from the radiator fan is to literally cut the damn thing and attempt to unwind it. i use the [knife from utility pliers]( and start cutting this 75 year old family heirloom that has lasted through wwii. 5:25ish - i'm burned, dirty, sweaty and have road scum all over me... i feel like a mike rowe should be interviewing me right now. (**11 out of 10** on the "pissed off" scale) i've managed to get the ribbons unwound but they are shredded and an unrecognizable greasy mess from what they once were. the bow is still locked in place on the grill but at least the fan is spinning freely when i turned it. i ceremonially throw the heap of frayed ribbons into the trunk and grumble my way to the drivers seat. i start the car (it works!) and bride and groom are in a heated phone conversation in chinese. probably the family. they are wondering where they are. 6:15 - i pull up to the restaurant to my final drop off... but that's not the end of the story. hell hath no fury like a father of the bride scorn. **end of part 2** **[the chinese wedding {epic worst day} part 3]( *edited a few things for clarification* 6/21a friend of mine told me this story last night, and i thought it was awesome enough to share. my friend was working in a hardware store in college, which meant she had to deal with contractors a lot, and she said contractors were always pretty rude. she had one in one day and she asked for his account number which is a series of numbers and letters. he mumbled it to her and she couldn't understand him, so she asked again. he mumbled again. she was getting slightly embarrassed and asked a third time because she couldn't understand what he was saying. he finally tells her number in a loud voice, he was visibly annoyed and goes "you know, i know a great place that sells hearing aids down the street!" she smiles, pulls her hair away from her ears and responds with "thats ok! i already have two!" my friend is deaf. the man went completely white and didn't say another word. everyone she worked with was dying of laughter. he never came back. when i was a little kid and my parents bought me an ice cream i stood infront of the freezer as we watched the ice-cream person scoop the ice-cream and put it on the cone. keeeeeeeeeep scooping, go on, keep going i thought to myself. and then he/she would stop and hand you a minuscule scoop and leave you slightly disapointed. "you could have kept rolling the ball and you know it" you think again. fast forward 10 years and i'm working in a cafe with an ice-cream freezer. my boss put me on there yesterday and i took it upon myself to make as many kid's days as possible. you could see the look on there face as you kept scooping past the point where they thought you'd stop and have a huge ear to ear grin on their face when you pass it over the counter to them. it made my day a whole lot nicer when a dad walked over with his two kids who must've been about 10 and 12. the kids were incredibly polite, using all their ps and qs and being generally nice, unlike some brats we get. as they walked off ice-cream in hand i said to their dad "those two were easily the two nicest, polite kids i've served all summer". he told me that meant alot and seemed genuinely happy with himself as he walked off to join the rest of family. that was a good day.for awhile after college i worked as a security guard through a temp agency. it was pretty easy work, and you have to have a year of security experience before any of the big companies will consider employing you full time. one time i was called out to be a guard at a street fair, where one street was closed off and filled with two rows of vendors. my job was simple: stand near a baricade that blocked off the street and not let anyone drive through. at first i thought this was rather silly, since the street was barricaded with a a large black and yellow crossbeam. and yet... suv drives up and parks directly in front of the crossbeam. the driver stares at it for about 30 seconds, the entire time i'm standing in front of it and staring back at him. driver exits the vehicle, literally walks around me and starts to move the crossbeam. * me: "sir, the street is closed. you can't go through here." * drive(pointing to donut shop on other side of the street): "but i want to go get donuts." * me: "sir, there is a parking lot to your left, please park there and walk across, or drive around the fair to the other side." * driver: "i'll be real quick, i promise." * me: "sir, the street is filled with people. you can't go through here." * drive: "they'll move, i'll go slow." eventually i convinced the driver to park in the parking lot and walk the 300 feet to the doughnut store. i chalk that one up to just a severe caffeine addiction and laugh it off. just as he's driving off, another vehicle drives up. this one starts honking the horn at me and pointing at the barrier. i walk over to the driver side window. * me: "can i help you sir?" * driver: "move the damn thing! i'm going through." * me; "the street is closed to traffic. you can go around." * driver: (long string of threats and vulgarities). i casually walk over to the barricade and sit down on it, watching the driver yell and honk his horn at me. he eventually starts gunning his engine (in a car where gunning the engine is not intimidating). he eventually throws it into reverse and screeches off, flipping me the bird on the way out. the rest of the day is uneventful up until near the end, when the fair is starting to close down as the fair is "open" until 6pm (as best i can remember). someone drives up to the barricade at 5:55 and sits there staring at me. * me: "can i help you ma'am?" * driver: "they're not allowed to be here past six! move the thing!" * me: "ma'am, the barricade will remain in place until the city removes it." * driver: "the fair is over at six so i am driving through here at six! if i hit something it's your fault!" * me: "i understand ma'am, let me get on the radio to sort this out." i click on my radio and stand behind a large cement planter and speak in a 'presentation' voice to ensure she hears me: "we've got a (color, make and model) sedan at the (streets) intersection, driver says that she plans to drive through the fair in five minutes even if people are still there. requesting assistance. license plate (number), driver is a (description)." at this point the driver starts screaming at me from her window "he's lying! he's lying!" over and over, about a dozen times with increasing scream in her voice. as a police officer starts approaching the barricade from the fair side, she actually tries to make a run for it! she tries to make a sharp turn to turn around, clips a light pole and a bench on the sidewalk, and zooms towards the next intersection. the police officer gets on his radio and calls it in, and i hear sirens in the distance. they didn't need my statement since the officer saw the person do the hit and run. i didn't volunteer for fairs after that.so in college i worked a part time job at a hardware store. i came back for a second degree so at the time i was a little older than the average associate there (24 yo). i had been working there for about a year and we get a lot of the same people in and out (contractors, plumbers, etc..) and had even grew up in the smallish town so i know a lot of these regulars. on occasion i would even go to peoples houses after hours to help them install things/ wire sockets and a bunch of little odds and ends that some people dont know how to do. i promise this is relevant later. so one day im out in the yard moving some mulch pallets with the forklift (really hard to see around a pallet of mulch when its up on the forks) and this guy driving a convertible blue corvette pulls into the side of the lot thats clearly reserved for storing the mulch. he pulls up pretty fast, narrowly avoiding me. happens a lot i guess some people just done know how to drive around people operating machinery. anyways he pulls into this parking spot right next to our propane fill up station smoking a cigar. immediately i get off the lift and tell him he needs to put the cigar out. he sort of laughs and gives me that "ok whatever" look and proceeds to set the lit cigar on the concrete pad that our 1500 gallon propane storage tank rests on. i tell him he needs to put it out now or im going to put it out for him. he tells me that if i "touch his ******* cigar i'll have words with your manager and youll be fired!'' and proceeds to casually stroll into the store. one of the regular contractor guys that ive helped out a lot in the past and we know each other on a first name basis sees this whole thing happen and walks over toward me and says "you should put that out on that ******* leather seats." we have a laugh about it as im stomping out the cigar (still cant believe he left a lit cigar next to a propane fill station) contractor guy tells me he'll wait with me and explain it all to my manager when he inevitably comes out. s sure enough about 2 minutes later corvette guy comes out with my manager already in tow. corvette guy is already pointing at me and yelling and my manager(who im on really good terms with and im sure will have my back regardless) has the "this will be good" look on his face. before corvette guy can really even get over to me the contractor walked very aggressively up to this guy with the smashed up cigar in his hand and throws it in his face yelling about how big of an idiot he is and if he doesnt leave right now hes going to crush his car with his dozer (points to it on the back of his trailer) and send him to the hospital in an ambulance. i didnt know what to say and my manager looks from me to the contractor to corvette guy and without missing a beat goes "uhh yeah, sir, dont ever come back here again. next time you want to complain about someones behavior and try to have them fired for saving your life just remember that i know a guy with a bulldozer that will **** you up." corvette guy sheepishly drove away never to be seen again. i know that you all are painfully aware that customers are apparently incapable of reading signs, but i just need to rant for a second. the store at which i cashier has card readers that have the microchip option. however, the chip reader doesn't actually work, so the customer has to slide their card instead. the prompt screen on the card reader says "please slide your card," with an animation showing a card being slid on the side of the machine. some people don't get that though, and have still tried to shove their card in the chip reader. after i explain that it doesn't work and they have to slide their card, they get all huffy. so, i put a piece of packing tape over where they would put the microchip and also colored over that with black marker in hopes that people would get the hint that the chip reader doesn't work. nope. one guy actually tore the tape off, exclaiming, "why the hell is there tape on here?!" i suppressed my urge to scream and explained to him that the chip reader doesn't work. he blamed me, the cashier, for it. okay. yesterday, after 12 customers in a row tried to use the chip reader, i hung up a little sign reading, "chip reader **does not** work. please slide your card. thank you! :)" over where one would put their card in the event that the chip reader actually worked. this morning a lady ripped the little sign off and tried to put her card in, but i had replaced the ripped off tape, so it didn't work. she looked at me with a look of utter confusion and asked why her card wouldn't go in. i just stared back, picked up the sign she tore off, stuck it back on the machine, and pointed to it. of course, that made her angry, because how dare i undermine her intelligence like that. i'm out of options for getting people to stop trying to use the chip reader. i'm going crazy.one of my ushers calls me over and says that there is someone wandering around, looking for a manager. i meet them at the concession stand. it's a woman about mid-late 20s, and her husband, around the same age. immediately she puts on her best "i've been wronged" face and launches into this story: "i was here yesterday watching 1:30 *the lazarus effect* and your concession worker gave my husband coke instead of diet coke and he had a diabetic attack and we had to leave so he could get a shot. i called and talked to someone on the phone who said that we could have free tickets and concession." immediately i am suspicious of her story. i had been there the previous day and did not remember her/ or her husband. not only that, but the usher she had asked for the manager was the person who was working concession the previous day. they didn't appear to recognize him, or else they would have mentioned that he was the one who served the incorrect drink. "do you have you ticket stubs or receipt?" i asked them, which is the first thing i always ask someone who claims they had a "problem" the previous day. "no. the person on the phone never told me i needed them. they just said to talk to the manager." she said indignantly. "ok. who did you talk to?" "i don't remember" "uhh well when did you call?" "i don't remember." so at this point i am severely doubting her story. i tell her to hold on and walk into the small office off the concession stand to look at our attendance from the previous day. i pull up the showtime attendance for lazarus effect... and low and behold the show time she claims she was there for had 0 tickets sold to it. a huge grin spreads across my face as i print the report, realizing i had caught her in a lie and was about to shove it right in her face. i walk back over to her with the report in my hand. "so, here's the thing. i looked at the attendance for the previous day, and there were no tickets sold to lazarus effect." her face freezes. "here i'll show you." i slapped down the report on the counter, and pulled a pen triumphantly from my hair. "here's the lazarus effect." i pointed to the name on the report "here's the showtime you claimed you went to" i circled 1:30 "and here's the amount of tickets sold." i circled the number '0.' "well.....this....this is ridiculous your box office person sold us the wrong tickets then." she said in a last-ditch effort. "no. if they sold you the wrong tickets, you would have been in the wrong theatre. you wouldn't have been in lazarus effect at all." "well--well-- this is ridiculous-- your theatre-- i guess i'll just buy my tickets." she said and grabbed her husband (who was silent the entire time) and stalked off. she ended up just leaving out of the front doors and didn't come back. that's right bitch. if you think i'm not going to fact check your story you are dead wrong. long time lurker, first post...blah blah i've worked in retail for 5 years now and...yea, i've got me some stories! most of these take place at an east coast gas/connivence chain with a goose as it's logo\mascot. very popular. anyho... **i want ice** i've only just started at this job when our soda machine decides to no longer produces ice. oohkay, let's just slap a sign up and give ice out the deli. most people were fine with this and if we gave too much...dumped it out. one lady comes up "&gt;ice, bottom of the cup" not a problem. i scoop some ice and hand it back. &gt;"too much", she hands it back and i empty some. she leaves and comes back 5 minutes later. she's brandishing her cup like a club and shrieking. &gt;"i asked for ice on the bottom of the cup!" i look over and sure enough, the ice is floating. &gt;"but, ma'am, ice floats..." "well, that's no excuse for not doing your job" she storms out and i look confused.first time post, so be gentle. also, i am not entirely sure that this belongs here, but i thought this was the most interesting phone call at my last job. setup: i live in a small city i the midwest, and i worked for a company that served adults with disabilities in a group home setting. i am working at the main house, the first house the owner opened and also the location of the office. the number to the house also functioned as the main line to the business. i would answer the phone when working since i would never have any idea if a manager or the owner was downstairs working, and they did not like to get interrupted anyway. so i am working one afternoon, and this guy calls in and says something like: "you have someone working for you who is on drugs and i thought you would like to know this." since the company is so small, i have met every single employee. so i bite. me: "who are you talking about?" he names an employee that we don't have! i'm a bit at a loss, so i tell him thanks for calling, but we don't actually have that person as an employee. he insists that she is working there, says her name repeatedly, and very slowly, as if that will help. i again, tell him this person is absolutely not an employee, and add that i have personally met each employee, and have never heard of this woman. i remember there is another organization in town that works with individuals with disabilities. the first two words of my company's name is the same as their's, and the third word is similar. i suggest to him that he has confused our companies, and he should call them. him: "you don't care if your employees are on drugs!!" me: "sir, we would care if that was our employee, but since that person doesn't work here, it really doesn't concern us." i am staring to get a bit frustrated. him: "i want to speak with your supervisor. now!" me: "they are very busy and don't have time for this. this person is not our employee, so i am not going to bother them with this. him: where is your office? i will come down there and tell them myself. since the office is actually a group home as well, i really don't want this guy coming here. besides, the address to the company is listed along with the phone number. so i lie. me: the location is confidential, i'm sorry i can't tell you. the guy really loses it, starts screaming about how he knows that we have that druggie person employed, and how he is going to come straight down to the office, which he can now apparently find, and tell to my supervisors everything, and get both myself and this other person fired. i tell him that i will see him soon then and hang up. no one ever shows up. fast forward a six years and this other company in town with the similar name has now hired me. i am chatting with my supervisor about my new company, and how they seem to be very accommodating and understanding. she agrees and mentions that she dated a guy who turned out to be very unstable and he came into the office screaming about how she was on drugs and made up other lies to get her fired, etc; and the boss saw through that. how they had to have his picture posted at reception and they called the police if he showed up. then it dawns on me, my supervisor is the "employee on drugs" from that call years ago.so yeah this little thing happened a few minutes ago. so my coworker is helping a guy out. he's trying to return some parts that look like he ran them over with his car. we won't return his money but he tells him we will give him store credit. he doesn't like this and begins yelling. i see its time for my lunch so i clock out and head to my car. well apparently this guy didn't like that i was leaving and begins yelling at me. i'm on my lunch so i don't listen to him and just walk out. he follows me still yelling and all i tell him is i'm sorry but i'm on my lunch and won't be able to help him. as i'm turning around he runs and jumps on my back. now out of reaction, i dip my shoulder down and this causes him to flip over my shoulder and land on his back in front of me. i can see this knocked the air out of him so i asked if he was okay. he nods that yes he's okay. and i calmly tell him i won't call the police, but he not allowed to return to the store and i will call the cops on him should he return for trespassing. i leave and go enjoy my lunch. tl;dr: judo know me like that!!!(this is my boss' story, not mine) yesterday i was on my half, sitting in the back, munching on some almond joy pieces and playing games on my phone. i had 5 minutes left of my break and i hear our sensor go off. now, our sensor is pretty close to some of our merchandise, and it's not uncommon for people carrying items around the store to set it off, or an employee outstocking to set it off. but i heard it and i just **knew**. someone was stealing and my boss was going to have a field day. as she told it to me, some kid and his mom were in the store looking around and decided to leave. the set the sensor off and the guy (mid to late teens) kept walking. mom stops. mom: you get your ass back in that store. why did you beep? guy slowly creeps back in store, setting off the sensor again. he had a couple bags from other stores like aero, american eagle, hollister, etc. filled with shit from those stores. my boss gives the kid the standard speech of "maybe someone else left a sensor on, i can try to remove it for you, blah blah blah" that we give anyone with other store's bags who set off the sensor bar. mom: we sure as hell didn't beep on the way in. *turns to kid* you better not be fucking stealing! guy is silent. and still as fucking stone. mom: give her your fucking bags to go through. guy slowly handed his bags to my boss who sees one of our 3 dollar novelty item with a big ass ink sensor on it right on top of some shorts from some other store. boss lady: oh, that must have just fallen in there. it's not a big deal. (she was really just trying to be nice because she knew this mom was not fucking around.) mom: i'm not stupid. i know what he did. (to her kid) what the fuck is wrong with you? stealing shit from a store when i take you out to buy you clothes? for three fucking dollars? are you an idiot??? mom then dragged her son out of the door yelling and screaming about bringing all his things back and returning them, grounding him, etc. my boss bursts through the back door and starts off the story with "that kid's gonna get his ass beat when he gets home!!!!" i work at a pharmacy/drug store that prints photos. this story doesn't have much to do with me, but i'm so glad i was there to see it. a woman came in with her two kids--a daughter who was around 2 and a son who was about 4. her son was dressed up in a police officer halloween costume. i sold the mother her photos, and then she and the kids walked around the rest of the store. the store is actually right around the corner from the local police station. in the most perfect, beautiful coincidence i've ever been witness to, the kid in the police officer costume ended up (back) in line with an actual real life police officer. the kid was obviously excited but i'd say his reaction was mostly sheer admiration. they took a picture together, and the cop crouched down and did a thumbs up, and the kid looked over and made a thumbs up too. the cop was really great and talked with him for a while (i know he was little, but i've never seen a kid pay better attention to anything, and i have a feeling he'll never forget any of this). finally, he asked the kid if he wanted to see the inside of his police car (of course he did). the mom thanked the cop--who definitely was enjoying himself too--on the way out. he said "this is the important part of my job." the whole thing was so precious i almost cried. short time lurker, first time poster. i used to work at theme park as a body artist. to give a little more detail, i worked as a face painter. i paint faces and do temporary tattoos too. this is one of my favorite stories to tell. people try to get free stuff out of us all the time, as most feel our services should be free in the first place. sorry guys, this isn't a discount carnival. we're an established company contracted by many big name theme parks. all our workers go through weeks worth of training before they touch a kids face, and we do our best to give you your monies worth. it's pricey sure, but personally i feel its worth it. anyways. the story starts with a mother getting her daughter done up like a butterfly. the painter is going above and beyond with the design since there was complaints that the picture was too 'simple' to justify the price from the mother. (something like this, only larger: when it was done, the painter threw up some extra glitter and stick on gems for extra measure and the kid was in love with it. the mother however was getting really huffy about it. &gt; mom: it looks horrible, nothing like the picture. &gt; painter: erm, ma'am you asked me to make it different from the picture... &gt; mom: shut up, its ugly and i won't pay for it. come on honey, we're leaving! she seriously tried to storm away from the stand without paying for the work done- a huge no no. my co-worker gets in the way and in the most 'sympathetic' voice, says &gt; painter: ohh i'm sorry miss! i could never let you leave with such a horrible design i am so sorry. here let me clean your daughter off for you. &gt; mom: wh- no, we're just- you can leave it- &gt; painter: i insist. my co-worker proceeded to wipe the whole thing off in a single swipe of a wet cloth. kid was hysterical but years in this job makes you numb to a childs tears. sorry kiddo, really. but it gives parents one less thing to try to guilt us with. her expression was priceless and she couldn't get away from the stand quicker. hey kids! uncle gabriel can't sleep again, so gather 'round for another story. tonight's tale is a story of desperation and rudeness that i'm sure we've all experienced in one form or another. like both of my previous stories, this takes place at the grocer i worked for years ago. since this was summertime and i was out of school, i usually got the closing shifts as a cashier. this meant a lot of standing around and cleaning, because small towns tend to go dead after sundown. as a preface to this story, i want to give you a little background about how we close the store. when 10pm came we would turn off the sliding doors at the entrances and exits, but we would only lock the entrance. this was because the night shift had to get in somehow, and the rest of us had to leave as well. once all the tills had been closed for the night, the program for the pos locked out until morning. one muggy summer night, we closed the store down promptly at 10 and i cashed out my drawer. since i was the only cashier, this meant the system was now closed for good. while counting out in the break room, the manager and i are startled to hear a voice call out. &gt;"hello?!" we return to the floor to find out that a woman has pried open the stiff exit doors to force her way into the store. there ensued a conversation something like this: &gt; woman: "oh, i'm glad you're here. your doors aren't working." &gt; gabe: "... that's because the entrance is locked, ma'am. we close at ten every night, and it's now... 10:15." &gt; w: "oh, but i just need to grab some brownie mix; my daughter is having a party tomorrow." &gt; g: "i'm sorry to tell you, ma'am, that we can't help you. we have no registers open, and the system is closed for the night." &gt; w: "but i just need brownie mix! it will only take five minutes. you can do that, right?" at this point my manager intervened, reiterating that we were closed and could not open another lane for her. much to my amusement that quickly turned to annoyance, this woman was adamant that she get her brownie mix. in the end, it came down to her ultimatum- &gt; w: "i'm not leaving until you sell me brownie mix." fortunately, my manager was having none of it. &gt; manager: "you can leave on your own, or we can have you escorted out by the police." i've seldom been more proud of my bosses over the years than i was then. and fortunately for us both, after a moment of slack jawed amazement, the customer finally admitted defeat and left. whew, these stories always wind up longer than i think they'll be. thanks for reading, tfr. i'll share more stories with you all the next time i can't sleep. edit: words and typos.i've worked in retail for just over 4 years but yesterday i finally had the customer from hell. i'm a cashier in a pretty big sporting goods retail store. i genuinely like my job. my coworkers are great, my managers and i get along really well. it's snowed and got pretty cold in the past 2 weeks so everyone is panicking trying to buy boots/coats/snowpants. cue scene: lady comes in with a coat her sister bought for her kid. zipper almost ripped out of coat. the sister lives several hours away and has the receipt. we tell her the coat can be straight exchanged for the exact same coat, she can get store credit, or she can have her sister mail her the reciept. she agrees to an exchange. send her off into the wild, she returns to cash with a different coat. oh joy. i explain that the coat is a different price but if she wants, she can pay the difference ($50+). she's having none of it and insists that her sister paid the same price ($175) for the damaged coat. side note: that particular brand of coat doesn't even come near $175 in any style. after a short argument we send her off again and she returns with another coat. still not the same one she's trying to return. she says there is a $10 difference and she's willing to pay that. i explain to her that because she has no reciept the return price on the damaged coat is actually $20 cheaper than the coat she's trying to buy. she loses her mind and says "you better get your manager back up here". while i'm waiting on the manager she tells me she's going to get her sisters credit card number and we can look up the receipt that way. "uh, no..." "why not?!" "we legally can't look through your sisters credit card history..." "that's ridiculous!". manager comes back up, explains to her the exact same thing i just told her, she demands to speak to the store manager. he comes up and explains the exact same thing. at this point i've stopped paying attention because i'm helping other customers but she finally relents and after a comment of "fine i'll just do a straight exchange thanks for wasting half an hour of my time!" we think shes gone. but no. sweet summer child. 15 minutes later she returns, shoves her phone in my face and tells me that we have to give her the other coat now because she has a picture of the receipt. i call the store manager back to cash and i'm out. shift's done, i escape to the back and hide there watching the security camera with another manager until she's gone. i head to the front to leave and the first manager tells me the lady called customer service while standing at the cash desk and straight up lied and said we refused to return the coat at all. manager then proceeded to try and tell cs that simply wasn't true and psycho lady screamed at her "excuse me am i talking to you?!" best part of the story; the price her sister paid for the coat was price we offered to return it for. zing! tl;dr bitch of a customer tries screaming loud enough to get her way, doesnt succeed and my managers stick up for me.first time poster so a bit of background. i am a mature woman who has worked in an adult shop for nearly 12 months. i love my job. i work in a part of my town that includes some very colourful characters and some lovely people but also due to my work i have to, on occasion, deal with some very strange requests and some very strange/weird people. if you like my story i will post more as they happen on a very regular basis. two days ago a very well dressed, conservative looking gentleman of around 50 entered the store. he wandered around for a bit of a look before approaching my counter. on the wall behind me is a leather display. whips, canes, handcuffs and assorted bondage items. he looks up and says, 'nice display. do you sell a lot of bondage items.' 'yes sir, they are quite popular', says i. looks me up and down 'would you know where i could find a master?' to clarify here. a master is a male dominatrix of sorts i suppose is the best answer. someone who administers discipline to another and is paid to do so. this may involve being tied up, forced to perform various duties and may also involve whips and canes and other forms of discipline. i have no idea where to find a master!! 'have you tried the internet sir?' then he floors me. 'i am trying to find a master to discipline my daughter.' wtf!! 'my daughter has been unfaithful to her husband and we want to find a master to teach her a lesson.' then he starts with the long story while i am trying to pick my lower jaw up off the shop floor! 'we have found one and he says that he would like to cane her. of course her husband will be there for the disciplining session. the master wants to give her 150 lashes with the cane to start with. now i need your opinion. do you think this is too excessive to start with or do you think 150 lashes is fair?' thankfully at this point another customer walked into the shop (a lovely regular that always spends big) so i replied to mr masterseeker with 'i honestly don't know too much about the bondage lifestyle sir so i don't think i can comment on that and now i must go and help this gentleman. have a nice day!' i'm the customer in this story, but i think all you tfr guys out there who work behind a deli counter will appreciate this. i was at the supermarket today and the deli counter had a huge line. there were three women working as fast as they humanly could, and honestly, doing a great job of moving things along. i was almost done getting my cajun turkey, when the woman being helped behind me (let's call her hamhocks) asked her counter person to let her see the thickness of the ham she had just sliced for her. the girl took the top slice off a pile that was at least a pound, and i'm telling you, i could see through it. hamhocks isn't satisfied. &gt;no, that's not thin. that's too thick. they won't eat ham that thick. you'll have to do it again. i'm sorry *[no she isn't]* but i see thick slices there. so the girl puts the ham aside and starts slicing again. again, hamhocks waits until the entire pound is sliced before asking to see the ham. it's so thin it's basically falling apart. the pieces aren't full size, because there's no way a slice that thin stays together. hamhocks grabs the top two pieces and says, loudly, angrily, and with a pinched-up face: &gt;what is this? is this how you slice ham? how the hell am i supposed to make a sandwich out of this? this is terrible. you don't know what you're doing! one of the other slicers comes up and says, let me do it again for you, i'll do it just how you like it. and hamhocks shouts: &gt;no! you'll get it wrong! i'm going somewhere else where they know how to slice ham!!!! all the slicers and the rest of the customers stand there with their mouths open and watch her stomp off, amazed at the display of petulance they just got to witness. i tell the first slicer, "that first batch was transparent, she's clearly nuts." and a very gallant dude behind me said "she just wasted two perfectly good pounds of ham! give them to me, i'll buy it." **tl;dr:** apparently, if ham is too thick, it becomes poison. if it's too thin, it loses structural integrity, and you can't make a sandwich with anything less than 3" x 4" perfect rectangles of ham. ham ham ham ham ham. so today at work i doing my cashier thing and a gentleman comes up to buy a drink and presents me with a "bill" that has been taped back together. this particular gentleman is shirtless, twitchy, and pupils so small the are practically nonexistant. now normally a ripped bill would not be a problem...if he: 1) had the whole thing...he does not. there are clearly pieces missing. 2) the pieces were even from the same bill...as far as i could tell...they were not. 3) i would have even considered taking it if he had 51% of the bill plus a serial number...again...nope. by presents me with the bill i mean he walks up sets down his drink and tosses the bill on the counter and looks up at me expectantly. i look at him...look down at the bill, look back up at him...and he demands: well?! me: dude...seriously?...theres no way i can accept this.. customer: why the fck not?!?! me: .....its in pieces...also...you dont even have the whole thing...do you have another form of payment? customer: common man but im really tired me:... i cant accept parts of bills customer: but i worked all day amd im tired..can you tape it together more? me: there are pieces missing...do you have another form of payment? customer: fine, fck you then! at this point he hurles the mangled bill at me and storms out. and here is the bill in question in all its glory: tl;dr: meth is a hell of a drug. edit: i did some more research and a non mutilated bill can be exchanged at a local bank. a mutilated bill must be sent to the bureau of printing and engraving. a mutilated bill is defined that is not cleary more than 50 percent of the original bill and must be sent in with a lettee stating estimated value and how it got mutilated. although the picture doesnt show it, tbe top left is a different color than the rest it appears. looks more to me like there are fragments of two bills. maybe not tho. at any rate, it may be technically legal tender for all debts public and private, but not for spending in a retail store. edit 2: technically / legally could i have accepted it? maybe. management would not have let that fly however and i would likely have gotten written up. also: after some more googleing it probably wasnt meth based on a few peoples suggestions.i work at a fairly well known pizza chain in australia. and like all retail/hospitality workplaces we get our share of whack jobs but this one from a few months back probably takes the cake. i was running the morning shift when a customer walked in. the other girl working with me, who we will call jane, went to serve this man who shall be called angry man (am). she was down there for a few minutes before i started hearing raised voices. i rushed down to see what the commotion was. me: is everything alright here? am: no! this woman is trying to poison me! me: ... excuse me? am: i am lactose intolerant! me: ... okay. at this point jane walks away flustered. am: i asked for a pizza without cheese and she said she would remove the cheese! how dare she try and poison me like that?! me: i'm sorry sir i'm not sure i understand the problem. am: (talking like i'm five) i'll start from the beginning shall i? i want to order ten pizzas. i run a large company, i basically own half this town. i am lactose intolerant so i need a pizza without cheese. that woman said she will remove the cheese. making a pizza with cheese and then removing the cheese and giving it to me is poisoning me! me: i'm sorry sir but i think there's been a misunderstanding. what she meant is that we will remove cheese from your topping list - as in we won't put cheese on to start with. i'm certain no one is trying to poison you. am: well that's not what she said! me: i'm sorry for the miscommunication. would you still like to place your order today? am: yes but i'll expect some kind of compensation for having to deal with that evil woman. me: ... what exactly would you like? by this point another customer walks in, we will call him reasonable man (rm). am: well i think all ten pizzas for free should suffice. me: ... i'm sorry sir i can't do that. i could throw in a couple of free garlic breads but i certainly can't do ten free pizzas over a misunderstood sentence. am: do you realise who i am?! me: i'm sorry sir i don't. am: i own this town. if i walk out this door you won't have any business by next week! me: i'm happy to help you today sir but unfortunately i can't give you ten free pizzas because of this. am: you'll do ten free pizzas or you'll lose your damn job! rm: excuse me but i think you need to calm down. am: this is assault! i'm being assaulted! i'll call the police! me: sir you can call the police but no one has touched you let alone assaulted you. angry man starts walking out yelling the entire time am: i've been poisoned and assaulted! just you wait! this place will go under i swear it! i was left standing there basically gaping after him while reasonable man had a chuckle. this has been one of those customer horror stories that i tell every now and then and makes me wonder just how people can be so ridiculous. in case you were wondering, we made record sales this summer despite that lunatic's threats. just a little background: in the uk (or at least this store) the personal alcohol license is given to a couple of individuals rather than the business as a whole, in this case to my two managers. this means they're responsible of making sure we stick to the law when it comes to checking id and refusing sale to anybody who can't produce it or who is under the age of 18. this also means that if there is a group of young people you have to assume that it could be consumed by all of them and check all of the id's to make a sale, or if you get the impression somebody is purchasing not for themselves but for somebody who looks young you need to check that persons id. if you get caught selling alcohol to (or to be consumed by) somebody underage it is you personally who will get in trouble: you can loose your job and never be able to get a job in retail again and you can be fined up to £5000/ $7167 through court or an on the spot fine of £90/ $129 (you personally, not the store). this means you have a personal incentive to be extra careful with alcohol sales. over this summer i was working in a mini supermarket-type shop on a coastal town which attracted a lot of tourism within the uk. without sounding snobby the place attracted a lot of people who could be considered a bit rough- all day drinking, chain smoking, swearing, unruly kids. you know the sort. this one particular day i was working on the till and the shop was relatively empty when a woman and her child (who looked to be about 15) wondered into the shop. they went over to the alcohol section, which is just a few meters away from where i was standing, and proceeded to have a loud conversation about what they were going to buy. i will call the woman w, and the child c. i will be n. &gt; w: i'm getting some wine and some beer for your brothers. what do you want? &gt; c: (motioning at a bottle of cheap vodka) can you get me this for tonight? &gt; w: put it in the basket. anything else? &gt; c: yeah and some of these too, i love them (picking up a 4-pack of alcopops) they were seemingly oblivious to me but being literally a couple of meters away and the store being quiet, i had heard the entire conversation. when they came to pay i exchanged some pleasantries. &gt; n: hey, did you find everything okay? &gt; w: (dismissing me) yeah yeah &gt; n: okay great, (turns to c) i'm going to have to ask to see your id please? &gt; w: (assuming it was directed at her, and sounding irritated) i'm 35, i'm clearly over 18 &gt; n: oh... ur, i meant your daughter. can i see your daughters id please? &gt; w: but *i'm* the one buying it! &gt; n: i know you're paying for it, but a lot of the items are for your daughter. i need to see her id or i'm afraid i can't sell any of this to you. &gt; c: they're not for me! &gt; n: i was standing right here... i literally heard your entire conversation... &gt; w: can't you just let it go this once? it's her birthday! &gt; n: no... i really can't. now the woman looked really angry, and just turned cussing loudly and walked out leaving me to put away her basket of shopping. i thought that was the last of it but she came in a couple of hours later by herself, picked up the same items and attempted to buy them again. when i told her i still couldn't sell them to her she started ranting loudly about how terrible the shop was and how she was going to complain and get me fired. sorry, but i'm not going to risk my job and a fine to sell alcohol to your obviously underage child.i don't know if this story belongs here or not but it is a funny story and i hope you might enjoy. many years ago, i was working in a call center on a variety of projects. a particular project asked us to get as conversational as possible with their clients in order to better tailor our sales pitch/up sell pitch. one particular call, i was talking with an elderly woman (ew from here on out), and i could hear some children in the background apparently playing. i asked the client, "are those your children i hear in the background?" ew: no, they are my grandchildren. do you have children lcnite? lcnite: no, but my wife and i are considering it. ew: oh really? well do you want a boy or a girl? lcnite: to be honest, just i just want a healthy child but being a man, i would love to have a son. at this time, my client decided to launch into a 30 minute detailed explanation on how to guarantee a son. she told me preparation steps to take before sex, the positions to finish in, and even things that my wife should do to ensure our success in creating a boy. okay, so that was cringe worthy but i got the sale and i was pretty happy with it... until my supervisor pulled me to her desk. super: umm, lcnite, i listened to that last call, and i just wanted to let you know that you could have ended that call at any point the moment she brought up your wife and beyond. lcnite: well that's okay, i got the sale, and you and i are both adults and married, and only you and i know what kind of discussion that was, so hey, it's all good. after a call that long though, i do need a smoke, so i am going to take a break. super: go ahead. enjoy. come back to my desk fifteen minutes later. my supervisor calls me to her desk again. super: umm... lcnite, got a little bit of news... lcnite: okay sure thing. what's up? super: well it turns out that i was not the only one on that call. quality control also happened to be listening. lcnite: oh jeez... well nothing i can do now but hide my head and carry on. super: there is actually a bit more. see, this is still a test bed program, and so from time to time, the director might observer a call. she was on this one too. lcnite: crap. that is embarrassing. her husband works with my wife. this should make for interesting conversation. okay well anyone have any negative feedback? super: nope, everyone thought you did great and you should be commended. lcnite: awesome, so can i put this into practice and take the rest of the day off? hehe... super: no, sorry there is one more piece. see, from time to time, the client will also dial in... and since this is the pilot, the client is the board of directors... so good on you. you impressed the client greatly. lcnite:... slinks off in shame. nine months later, upon the birth of my first child, my wife and i received a lovely gift basket at the hospital. the card was signed as follows: --- congratulations on the newest edition to the lcnite family. we hope the instructions worked out for you. congratulations on the boy?? signed -- the board of directors edit: thank you to who ever gave me gold. very kind indeed.so i work at a pretty big grocery store in downtown toronto, and i was on my lunch break today and i walked past one of the aisles and there was a little girl, probably about 3 or 4 years old, sitting on the ground all by herself crying, so i went up to her and said "hey are you alright?" and she didn't answer me so i said "do you know where your mom and dad are?" and she gave me a muffled "no" so i said "do you want me to sit with you for a while until they come back?" and she was like "uh huh" so i sat down on the ground next to her and i had a couple of paid stickers in my pocket that we put on items that are too big for a bag, and i said "can i give you this super special sticker? it's actually magic because when you put it on your parents will know exactly where to find you," and i put it on her hand, and she stopped crying and just stared at the sticker for a while and then i asked her who her favorite princess was and we started talking about beauty and the beast and then a few minutes later her mom comes running down the aisle screaming "kelsey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and the mom turns to me and shakes my hand and starts thanking me almost in tears and it made me feel so good to know that i made that little girl feel a little bit better because i think we all know how scary it was to be lost in a big store like that when you are so young. tl;dr i'm gonna be a really fuckin good dad when i grow upso a few years go, i used to work for a convenience shop in the uk, (it's one of the very large ones). it was about 10pm, (we shut at 10.30pm), when a few customers came in. one of them was a woman who looked a little strange, (the usual crazy eyes, odd clothing, strange smell). when she had finished shopping and got to my till, she quietly asked under her breath, &gt;can you help me take my shopping to my car, i think there's somebody following me around the shop now we have no obligation to help customers with their shopping once we've taken their money, (but i occasionally helped nice old people), but this woman seemed very agitated and scared. i'd not seen anyone following her, and i thought she was delusional, but i thought that if it calmed her down by helping her with her shopping, i might as well do it. the next 20 minutes passed without incident and i cashed up my till. after cashing up, i remembered what the woman had said, so i decided to check the cctv from when she was in the shop. lo and behold, there was a man following her around the shop. he stayed at quite a distance from her, pretending to look at items on the shelf and putting items in a basket, but always keeping her within his eye line. whenever she went around a corner, he'd move quickly around a parallel corner to continue to keep an eye on her from a distance. the real kicker was that when i helped her with her shopping, he placed his semi-full basket on the floor, followed us out of the shop, and got in a car in the car park and continued to follow her. (a scary thought is that i'd not even noticed him, he was following her that well). we called the police.preface: my first job was in a knife store in los angeles when i was 15. the owner was an old veteran from chicago. i basically had run of the place provided i didn't do anything inordinately stupid, or if i did, i cleaned up afterwards. **the scary little girl** i was doing inventory and stock checks one weekend morning when a friend of mine came in. he shared my passion for all things blunt or bladed, and i knew him well enough to trust him to walk around behind the counter and investigate items at his leisure. a customer came in, an almost irritatingly cute asian girl probably just shy of five feet. i started over to her with a traditional "howarya?" (one word - no reply necessary or even expected) greeting when my friend makes a beeline for her. this can pretty much only be entertaining, and i figure i can throw something at him if the situation gets out of control or he says something too stupid. &gt;friend: hey! how can i help you? &gt;girl: um, i don't know. i'm looking for something for protection. a friend of mine got mugged recently. my friend proceeds to tell her about the various stun gun and pepper spray options. i keep an eye on them an extra minute to make sure he doesn't zap one of them or something, then go back to checking inventory. i can hear him chatting her up a little, but i'm not really paying attention when he comes over to me. &gt;uh, kyen, can you help me out here? this kinda didn't go the way i thought it would. i turn around and the girl has a 600,000 volt stun baton, pepper spray, and a hand ax with an ~~articulated~~ individual knuckle guard. think smallish ax with brass knuckles for the handle. &gt;me: hey, friend tells me you have some questions? &gt;girl: no, i think i'm getting these. keep in mind this girl is tiny. the ax is longer than her forearm, and the stun baton isn't the usual subtle little device most people like for protection. it's about ten inches with electricity arcing around it. &gt;me: did i hear you say you wanted this for protection? this is all a bit much for any day to day carry. also, bladed weapons aren't good for self defense unless you really know how to use them. "any weapon you don't know how to use belongs to your enemy." &gt;girl: i just want to look scary. do you think people will be afraid to come near me? &gt;me: well yeah, you effectively scared off friend and i couldn't do that throwing knives at him. that ax isn't street legal though. &gt;girl: it's going next to my bed. i shrugged, gave her a quick once over on the laws and maintenance around the baton and pepper spray, and rang her out. friend came over to me after she left. &gt;me: decided not to ask her out? she's cute, you can probably still catch her. &gt;friend: next to her bed. she's putting the ax next to her bed. no i'm not going to f***ing ask her out! ****** edit: i was at this job for over 7 years, so i have a lot of stories. i'll probably put one up every few days or so until i get bored or everyone gets sick of em. that said, other tales from the knife store: [pointing fingers]( [robot pirates]( [why would you say that?]( [crystal clear]( [safe words]( [it never rains]( [balistic therapy]( [behind the scenes]( [warning shot]( [control freak]( [backlash]( [just a flesh wound]( [fortune and a dart gun]( [the rumble]( [bad investment]( [but i want it!] ( [the good samaritan] ( [princess and her gang]( [a stupid question] ( [the ornery preacher] (this happened about a month ago, but seeing the recent posts about kids made me want to share a happier story. i'm sorry the story is long, and i'm having trouble condensing it (blame the neighbors who are having a loud party, my head is filled with bass). a mom and a little girl (maybe 4 at the oldest) come in and are browsing. it's a slow day and they're the only customers in the store. the little girl is following very closely behind her mom, saying things like "mommy look! this is so pretty!" and general ooh-ing and aah-ing. the mom is fantastic, looking at everything her daughter points out, but also reminding her to be careful. the phrase that stuck out to me most was &gt; "remember, don't touch. things can break, so to look you only have to use your eyes, you don't need to use your hands." the little girl is listening and doing what she's told but getting her face super close to the displays so she could see better. it was the cutest thing i've ever seen. her mom gently tells her she doesn't have to stand so close, and at this point i'm beyond shocked with how loving but firm but also attentive she is with this little girl. it seemed too good to be true. and it was. i hear a mischievous little giggle, then a crash. i rush over to make sure that no one is hurt. before i say anything the mom is on her knees looking the little girl in the eyes asking her what happened. i hung a few steps back, since i didn't want to interrupt the parenting, and could see the girl wasn't hurt. so i started cleaning up the broken ceramic. the little girl looks at me like she's so scared i'm going to be mad and says, &gt;"i'm sorry, please don't be mad, i touched it and i shouldn't have but it fell and broke, my hands didn't listen, my brain told me not to, but my hands..." and she keeps going on nervously. i stop her and tell her that it's okay, accidents happen, even i break things accidentally sometimes. the mom offers to pay for the damaged item. we don't have a you break it you buy it policy. accidents happen, we mark the item out, dispose of it safely, and move on. i tell her this and she goes about shopping, making the girl hold her hand and keeping an eye on her just being an all around awesome parent. as they were checking out the little girl looks at me and i crouch down so i can talk to her. she says very matter of factly, &gt;"thanks for being so nice. us kids, we're people too. we have bad days and sometimes our hands do stuff our mommy says not to!" i couldn't stop laughing, and all i got out was &gt;"yes. kids are people too. i saw you had your hands held tightly so they were good the rest of the time you were in here. thank you for being so brave and telling me about it, and for listening so well." she smiled and said &gt;"yes, i am good. and i am brave!" tldr: kid breaks thing. mom is amazing parent. kid and mom go on happy, kid tells me kids are people with mischievous hands. i was returning a bike (wrong size) and a couple other little things at the local ( edited to protect the something) last weekend. i walked up the the service desk and there was no line. so we started the returns from 2 different purchases. the first went through no problem but the second return for the bike they had to call someone up to make sure they could accept the return (large ticket item i guess) the whole time this is going on a small line forms. nothing too crazy but it happens. the person working the desk was very nice and helpful. so we are waiting on the manager to come approve the return when this crabby old bitch (cob) from the line hollers "girl you best get on the damn phone and get someone else to help us!" the girl behind the counter looks at me and says "see what i deal with every day?" and ignores the lady. i remember all of you fine folks and decided that i'm going to speak up because i know the employee can't. just not sure what to do yet... a few minutes goes by and the manager comes up and he asks why i'm returning the bike and i tell him and crack a joke, we both start to laugh and i hear cob say "white boy thinks he funny slowing down the line." i instantly make eye contact with her and she looks away... so the manager approves the return and we get everything sorted out. i tell the lady behind the counter thank you and i turn to leave but i stop and i raise my hands and in a nice projecting voice say "folks i know i held up the line and i want to apologize to all of you for the delay, except for you." i point my arm out and stare right at cob. the rest of the line looks at her too. i said " you need to be more patient and learn some manners." i turned around and walked away. a few years back i used to work at a medium sized supermarket in the uk, and [this post just reminded me of this incident]( i had a middle aged woman come up to me and simply shout "mayonnaise?!" in my face. it took me a second to realise that this was a question/request, and that she wanted to be taken to the mayonnaise. after we arrived at the mayo section, she angrily asks me "where's the ketchup!". naturally i was confused. **me:** well you asked for mayonnaise... **angry lady:** but i want ketchup **me:** ....why did you ask for mayonnaise? **angry lady:** because it should be with the ketchup! i then took her to the ketchup, which incidentally was the other side of the damned store. i work at a store that sells everything as an associate and sometimes cashier. surprisingly this isn't about a work experience i had, but an experience as a customer. nsfw okay for christmas my friends with benefits at the time bought me a vibrator. the batteries ran out so i decided even though i hate buying these things, to go to the store and purchase some batteries and some lube for fun time later. i find the items no problem and then go through a check out line. i think i just buy these two things and candy bar. the cashier looks at my items then looks at me. he says. "we both know why your buying these items." i feel my face getting warm. and just laugh nervously. "well, it would have been more awkward if i hadn't said anything." he said to me. i'd have to disagree.i worked in a very large supermarket near cincinnati. this store had everything a cincinnatian could ever need -- your cincinnati sports merchandise, cincinnati-style chili in cans, cincinnati, cincinnati, cincinnati, etc. enter a lady and her friends. they walk right past all of the cincinnati-related merchandise and go straight for the electronics. they request the most expensive stuff that we sell, and lots of it. multiple laptops, multiple tablets, cell phones, etc. it's all in lockup, so the customers must tell the cashiers they want all of those things. well, when one of them requested $15,000 worth of seemingly-redundant electronics, it caught the managers' attentions because *nobody* ever buys that much. perhaps she was buying gifts for all of her friends in *cincinnati*? who knows? the transaction was monitored closely by pretty much everyone in charge. the cashier, per procedure, requests id from the lady. the lady presents it without hesitation. it's scratched up and looks a little flimsy for a government id -- but hey, lots of ids look weird like that. right? so the cashier finally reads the info on the id, which is as follows: - someperson whatsherface - 5555 someplace rd - **cinncinati, oh** 45555 to the shock of everyone, her payment was declined. she tried to raise a *biiiiig* stink about it to get it through. she threatened to sue us, threatened to call corporate, made all sorts of threats. still, we were forced to inform her that the machine wouldn't take her payment because the city of "cinncinati" doesn't exist. finally, the lady gives up. she takes her id, payment, and leaves empty-handed with her friends. but that's not the end of this story. this lady might not be able to spell the town that she lives in, but she's a *smaaaaarrrt* criminal with lots of tricks up her sleeve. that's why the very next day, she walked in to the *same* store, requested the *same* merchandise, and tried to present the *same* misspelled id for verification. she was arrested on the spot. typical day at work yesterday in a big retailer. big guy says "'scuse me." retail smile. "hi. what can i do for you?" he points behind me. "see that guy over there?" i turn around. sure enough there is a large man in a trucker cap standing on the other side of the counter. (the counter creates a kind of booth. customers can approach from any angle.) the first man speaks again. "that man wants to see your beanbag." a moment of panic flashes through my mind. why would this guy want to see my beanbag?! it's not a particularly impressive beanbag. also, why is this guy asking for this other guy? is he some kind of hired goon? a mercenary that gets dudes to show off their beanbags? all i manage to say is "uh..." the first man speaks. "you guys normally have beanbags on display all over the place. we can't find any." finally, i realize that he's not talking about my beanbag in particular, but beanbag **chairs**. relief sweeps over me. "oh those! haven't been in since christmas. management orders a bunch of them a couple of times a year, then we'll go months in between without them. you can still get them online though." the two men leave, somewhat disappointed, and my beanbag relaxes after having retracted itself into my abdomen.i work at a large arts and crafts store where cranky women love to roam when they have nothing better to do. i'm also 17 and do homeschooling so i work a lot for the store. this is my first story but i've got a ton more that i can share. so the night before last, i was working and my register got super backed up. i was gonna call for back up and i had a few times before but i couldn't because we were understaffed for the night and all the people working were busy. so i'm trying to get everyone in line out as quickly as possible and it's pretty obvious. so this one lady like a couple customers back goes "hey you know a lot of people are waiting, is there someone you could call or something since you can't seem to ring people up quickly enough?" mind you, she was rude as hell while saying this. and i go, "yes ma'am, for sure. just give me one second and i'll do that." even though i'd tried previously. so i finish checking out the customer that's ringing up while like five other people wait, and i call for back up on the registers again. so right after that i turn back to the lady who initially asked and i go "sorry about that ma'am, we're just understaffed tonight and i'm doing my best." said all that realllllly politely too. and then she has the arrogance to say, "oh yeah, i was just asking. i don't need the attitude." (reminder that i was being polite as hell) so the best part about this story is the fact that the customer i'd previously been ringing up, turned to the lady and was like "um no ma'am, he was being really polite. there was no attitude in what he said, you should calm down." the woman looked super embarrassed and to top it off, the next lady i checked out whispered to me "don't worry about her. you were very polite and she's just a bitch." it took everything i had not to laugh. by now, one of my coworkers had come up and was checking people out. the woman who said i had attitude ended up going to my coworkers register and by the time she'd gotten checked out, i had checked out like two or three people that were behind her originally. karma's a bitch. i hope you enjoyed waiting an extra ten minutes to get checked out by going into the other line when you were so obviously in a rush!!!!i used to work at a little village green type shopping centre on the very edge of the cbd. medium sized supermarket, bakery, newsagent, sandwich shop and a cafe were the only shops there. i worked at the bakery right next to the main exit of the supermarket. all the walls were glass so i could see the whole front of the supermarket. being on the edge of the cbd and the clubbing district, there were a lot of less savoury characters (read: alcoholics or drug addicts) who would go into the supermarket and shoplift. i usually saw them leaving the supermarket with their ill gotten goods and would try to point them out to staff, but most times wouldn't be able to since they'd go in with the lunch rush when the supermarket and bakery were flat out. when i was able to notify the staff, they usually couldn't get out in time to stop them. there was one time that the girl working front end managed to get a guy who stole medicine though. this is that story. so it's a quiet day at the village green. i'm bored and making faces at my friend who works at the supermarket when i notice a dodgy looking character leaving the supermarket. this guy is maybe 6 foot and really dirty. stained clothes, ratty hair and beard, skinny as a rake, a stereotypical drug attict looking guy. if he was a disney character, he'd be an evil rat sidekick to the main bad guy. after he thinks he's out of sight of the supermarket, he stops and pulls some boxes of medication out of his hoodie (paracetamol or something, i'm not sure). i make eye contact with my friend and nod my head towards the shop lifter. i expected him to go out and handle this since he's a 6 foot 3, broad shouldered metalhead, but no. the little 5 foot nothing petite blonde chick who looks like a sneeze would knock her over sees my nod towards the shop lifter and takes this upon herself. she gets out from behind the front end counter faster than anyone i've seen, walks out the store, comes up behind the man and taps him on the shoulder. when he turns around, she simply grabs the boxes and says "thank you! don't come back please." with a huge grin on her face, then goes back into the store. the shoplifter was left standing there too dumbfounded to say or do anything and just wandered off while my friend and i just laughed our asses off. edit: cbd = central business district. this is where most offices are within a city. sorry i didn't explain that, i assumed it was a commonly used term everywhere, not just australia. edit 2: why are so many people getting titchy at me for using the term cbd? since the name of my city refers to a vary large area including quite a few suburbs, the term cbd is what most people here use when referring to just the actual "city" part. i'm sorry this is confusing for so many people. edit 3: the quick aussie translation guide! cbd: see above. newsagent: a person or a shop selling newspapers and magazines. also sells stationary, has some legal forms, does photocopying, sells drinks, etc. flat out: just means really, really busy. e.g. "sorry, we can't meet you for coffee. with the kids sick and getting the house ready to sell, we're flat out."i work in a big city that is very culturally diverse. i also happen to work at an electronics store that sells computers. i also happen to be a woman who has piercings. while this is not a big deal in my store (we're encouraged to be individuals. it helps us connect with customers) it is occasionally a huge issue with my customers. i had a very conservative older man in the other day who was looking for help finding a desktop. we've been slammed lately because everyone is getting tax returns back and i had a few customers stacked. i went up to him and said something along the lines of "hi, i'm so sorry but all my associates are busy right now. as soon as one of us frees up we can be over to help you guys out. it'll only be about five minutes at this point". he looks right at me and says "if i wanted some stupid girl who is dumb enough to mutilate her body with gross rings (note, only one of my piercings is visible at work) i would have found asked for you." okay, ouch right? whatever, i'm used to it. so i went to my home theater department and grabbed one of my guy friends (i'll call him a) who works in that department and told him i needed help with a customer. he then asks old dude if he needs help and old dude happily tells him about why he needs a new computer. a said something along the lines of "well, actually know nothing about computers but spanishsweetie over there can help you", to which i replied "oh no i can't, i'm too stupid and girly for this. you got it a." of course old dude asked to speak to a supervisor. who happens to be female. he then demanded to talk to my manager who is also a female. after hearing the whole story, my manager kicks him out because he was being a dickbutt and harassing female staff. tl;dr don't mess with the "dumb women" in a store. we might have more power than all the men. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. this story has absolutely nothing to do with that. **story:** my daughter and i spent the day in an orlando theme park yesterday (not run by a mouse). not the best idea, since it was a holiday weekend, but she loves harry potter, and i love here, so daddy will brave the crowds when she really wants to go. while we were browsing in one of the stores, i saw some crazy lady going off on a poor cashier. i made my way near them so i could hear what was going on, partly because i felt like i should say something to the shitty customer, but mostly because i’m nosy as hell. the customer was ranting about the price of something, and was basically accusing the cashier of trying to rip her off for charging so much. i honestly didn’t catch what item she was upset about, but apparently whatever it was, justified screaming at the poor female cashier behind the counter. the female cashier had to be in her teens, and she honestly looked like she was about to break down and cry at any time. i reeeeeally wanted to step in and say something to the loudmouth, but i was worried about getting into an argument with some stranger in front of my daughter. enter the store manager. the guy comes rushing over and plants himself between the screaming lady and the cashier. he did it so smoothly, i was jealous. he walked behind the counter and with a quick movement, used his arm to gently move the cashier back while placing himself in the line of fire. while he was moving the cashier back and stepping in-between them, he was looking at the screaming lady. by stepping in, he broke the customers’ eye contact with the cashier, and took it over for himself. smooth brother, smooth! then, even more impressively, he told the ranting customer that if she was unhappy with the price she should leave! for those of you unfamiliar with theme parks in orlando, this is definitely not the way it’s usually handled. too often, the screaming guests get away with just about anything. watching the outcome definitely made me feel good, and i was glad to see a manger stand up and put an unreasonable customer in their place. ten minutes later i was spending $117.65 for an “authentic ravenclaw robe”. maybe the lady was right. ------ if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](he went fishing by himself and never came home. they found him the next day. cqlled it cold-shock drowning. he was a genuine person, brightened up a room just by being in it. he was always happy, and made the best of every situation. even working in a crappy fast food restaurant never brought him down. he would whistle while he worked, constantly. through rushes and slow periods, during the dirtiest hardest cleaning jobs, he never stopped whistling unless it was to smile. i don't know how to move on from here. there's a hole in my store. for 40 hours a week he was a joy to work with, and outside of work he was one of the few employees that i could call friend. i'm going to miss him so much. i don't know why i posted this here. i guess i just needed to get it out. i've never had anyone close to me die, i don't know how to cope. anyway, thanks for listening. edit: thank you all so much for your kind words. the funeral was today, so i missed my chance to say these things to his family in person, but i've decided to write a letter to tell them how much he meant to us at the store, and to me personally. i really can't thank you all enough for your kindness and advice. i know i'll be back here reading all of this when i feel like i can't take it anymore. you are all wonderful. so i work at a chain of supermarkets in australia. the store i work at is the flagship store for my state, and it's very big, shiny and posh. we get a lot of snotty customers from the area. of course that means that a whole bunch of customers are quite rude. so today i was working 11-4 in the bakery, mostly alone as my co-workers were doing things around the store. we sell cakes for $34.99, these cakes are kinda a rip-off but they are pretty good and get good reviews. anyway, a middle-aged woman comes up to the cake-case and i ask her what she wants. she proceeds to explain that the deli across the road has the same cakes on for $28. i still don't know if this is true, as then they would have been making a loss on the cakes, and they were likely on sale and going out of date. i'll call the customer cl for cake lady: cl: so can i have the pink one for $30 me: uh no i'm sorry, we don't change the prices of cakes cl: but i can get other ones of the same brand for $28 across the road me: i'm sorry it's not possible cl: what about price-match! me: price match is only for grocery items i'm sorry cl: it's for my daughters birthday party! me: *sigh* would you like me to get the manager? cl: yes i get the manager of the bakery, she explains the same thing. so the woman leaves all huffy, muttering about price-match. about 20 minutes later we get a call over the pa for the bakery manager to the front to settle an issue. the bakery is right across from the registers, and i can see that it's the same lady hassling the checkout guy about price-match. i watch the manager go over, explain the same thing i explained before and eventually the store manager has to explicitly tell cl that it can't happen before she gets it. the checkout guy comes over later and says "so basically, that woman's daughter isn't worth an extra 5 bucks" i wouldn't be surprised if she's back tomorrow for another try. edit: i just got told that she took her complaint all the way to head office, i hope they still told her no. no one told me we have to change anything so i can assume that they brought it up as an example of what price match doesn't cover at 16 i was finally able to get a job and start making me some monies. applied at a few local places and ended up taking a job at fat krispy chicken (fkc). for the few weeks there were no issues. i was a computer nerd already, so learning the register and procedures was a cinch. i only worked 12 hours per week still being in highschool. my manager was a 25 year-old bitch, at this point. she'd been thin and pretty but not-so-bright when she started working there and had gained quite a bit of weight due to her free manager meals of complete grease. she hated that i packed a lunch from home instead of eating the slop we served. topping it off, i'd caught on to things way quicker than she had and people talked about it and it caused her to hate me. in my third week i'm up front manning the register when a couple walks in... a very large couple. 350lb+ each. the man wheezes up to the counter and makes their to-go order of a 14 piece family meal with a family sized side of potato wedgies and two family sized mashed potatoes. i'm thinking this is a big order, but their big people, and i don't know how many people they're going to be feeding anyway. i ring the order in and tell him his total and his wife suddenly looks pissed and yells: "i'm eating too!" ... wut? she orders 24 hot wings and two family sized orders of potato wedgies. seriously. she then follows that up with "and i need a large diet coke." at which the man chimes in that he needs a large diet coke as well. i'm laughing internally at this point, but it is a to-go order and they probably have a few kids or another family coming over... something. right? it has to be. their order comes up and they take the gargantuan bags of food... to the dine-in tables. me: i'm sorry folks, i thought you'd ordered that for take-out, i could get you some trays if you'd like." man: don't need trays. we always order take-out because i'm not paying tax to eat here! cheap fucks. they just spent nearly $40 on food but can't pay the tax? eh. whatever. i go about my day and start cleaning the lobby. i'm mopping and trying to ignore them so they can eat in peace when they stand up. i figured something must be wrong so i look to see and.... the food's all gone. in roughly 7 minutes. nearly 17,000 calories of extra krispy, wings, and potatoes. stunned silence. i'm staring at the trays covered in bones and destruction that these customers kindly left for us to clean instead of throwing their trash out. woman notices me staring and and gets pissed. calls for manager. manager comes up and listens to how badly i treated them by acting like she wouldn't be eating too and then making fun of them for eating a healthy (wut?) meal. she told me in front of the customers that i had two choices. 1. apologize to the customers for my rudeness and take a write up or 2. termination. fat lady customer was smiling and pleased with herself. i laughed and told her if working there was going to turn me into a fat angry slob like her and our wonderful customers then leaving this job would be a blessing. took my apron off and put it on the counter, clocked out and headed for the door. the whole time the fatties are bitching at me and manager both: "come back here! are you going to let him...!" and manager is trying to calm them down and yell at me: "come back here! you can't do..." and it's all just background noise, because it suddenly feels like all weight and stress has been removed from my shoulders. still one of my best retail/food memories.hello tfr! my job is a cook/cashier at a restaurant/convenience store in the south a little back story on this. i was working register one day when ignorant homophobe (ih) comes in. &gt;**me**:hello sir, how are you doing today &gt;**ih**:pack of (cigarette brand 1) and pack of (cigarette brand 2) &gt;(as i'm turning around with his cigarettes in my hand and ih notices my rainbow plug in my right ear) &gt;**ig**:you know you got that piercing on the queer side right? &gt;**me**:i'm sorry? &gt;**ig**:that plug you got it on the side that tells people that you're a queer &gt;**me**:sir, i do happen to be gay, it's even a rainbow plug &gt;**ih**: i refuse to buy any cigarettes from a queer like you then! get someone else up here and get out fuck out of my sight! &gt;**me**:sir i happen to be the only one to work register at the moment, would you still like to purchase these items? &gt;(ih storms off and yells homophobic remarks at me while he storms off) later that week i was put on kitchen duty, and around 4 pm ih walks in and orders a sandwich unaware that i'm in the kitchen at the pick up window now and i see him waiting for his food, and hoping he doesn't remember me, i call out his food order. **me**:guest number bla bla bla, turkey on white extra mayo! (ih walks up) **ih**:fuck, your queer ass again? did you make my food? **me**:yes sir, is there a problem with that **ih**:i want someone normal to remake it, i'm not eating this shit! **me**:(in a calm, but in a i wish you'd fuck off voice) sir, i can assure you there is nothing wrong with this sandwich. please take it (ih takes the sandwich, removes it from the bag, then removes it from the wrapping paper. then, throws the sandwich at me though the pick up window) **ih**:burn in hell for your sins, i'm not coming back in here until i get you fired! a week later, i'm called into the office about a complaint (company policy that we go over any complaints about the employee) **manager**:it says here on this complaint last week you spit in a mans food and later saw you smoking marijuana in the parking lot, whats your comment on this? **me**:that didn't happen at all, i wouldn't even dream about spitting in another person's food let alone with somewhere that has an open kit- (i get cut off by the manager) **manager**:that's what the complaint said, but i know you wouldn't do anything like that and saw you had a sandwich thrown at you on the cctv. do you need another shirt to replace the possibly stained one? **me**:i'm good, thank you. **manager**:don't let anyone bring you down. you don't have to put up with this kind of shit, now get back out there and if anyone like that comes up to you again, don't hesitate to call me out. that day i knew that my manager will always have my back against bigots, along with my other team mates :d tl;dr: homophobe refused to eat sandwich i made him, throws it at me, complains to try and get me fired. it's okay to be gay.i'm a manager at a large liquor store. i will start this by saying that one of my cashiers has a very slight form of autism. she's a great cashier, her drawer is never off, her memory is amazing, and for the most part she's super friendly. she is also very dry humored and doesn't take kindly to sarcasm from customers. yesterday, i was helping another cashier box up a large order when this douche bag old guy comes up to her register. he puts everything he has on the counter, she rings it in, bags it up, and tells him his total. he hands her his cash and she gets his change. as she is trying to hand him his change, he decides he wants it broke down differently. her response to him was amazing. i didn't hear everything he said but he called her stupid because she gave him his change back different than what he wanted even though he gave her no instructions. she straight face looked him in the eyes and told him that it's "against company policy for her to be insulted by customers" and then told him to get the hell out. i have never laughed so hard at the look on someones face. it was amazing.i wasn't actually selling anything to the guy, as i work for parks and rec, but i had an interesting argument with a patron over park rules. he didn't seem to notice that i was arguing in his favor... patron: excuse me, can i bring beer to the concert in the park tonight? me: absolutely. you can bring any of your own alcohol in, but our vendors won't be sel- patron: (interrupting me gruffly) no i can't! me: sir, you are welcome to bring whatever you'd like to drink in the park. wine, beer, soda, anything. patron: but there's no alcohol allowed! me: yes there is, sir. it's always been allowed. patron: get me your supervisor! i get my supervisor, who tells the man the exact same things again. he gets into his car and storms off...weird.-working at a food stand at the canadian national exhibition- *co-worker hands lady three ice cream cones * this lady is standing in front of our stand watching her kids get on some ride, not even under the shaded area, right in the sunlight. i can already tell this isn't going to end well. about two to three minutes later they're still on the ride. she comes back to the stand. lady: hi can i get two new ice cream cones? mine are melting. co-worker (wendy): ... lady: they're for my kids, they went on the ride. wendy: um...i can flip the cones over into cups and put them in our freezer for you? lady: no no no, i want new ones. just throw these ones away. wendy: [is 14 years old, confused, just throws them away] at this point i notice what's happening and walk over. me: was there a problem with the cones miss? lady: yes they were melting. i don't understand why you all are making this so difficult i just want them not to melt all over my hands. i asked for a cup to put them in but this girl (pointing to co-worker) just threw them away before i could stop her. my poor co-worker's is exasperated, mentally pleading with me to end her suffering. manager comes in: we saw wendy give you a perfectly reasonable option. it's not our problem what happens to your ice cream once it leaves our stand, you should have waited until your kids were off the ride to buy them. *manager is looking around for the cones, wanting to hand them back to her and realizes wendy threw them away * manager: here's your $6 back. i'm sure there are several ice cream places along the stretch that would love your business. lady: customer service in this place is horrible no wonder people hate coming to the ex. manager: *pointing* guest services is right down there, i'm sure they'd be eager to receive a complaint from a guest can't understand that ice cream melts when it's hot outside. lady leaves bewildered that we still wouldn't replace her ice creams, still not self-aware enough to recognize her own stupidity. today a customer was trying to pay for her purchase, and was at the point where she needed to chose debit or credit. she looked up at me and asked, "do you matter?" before i could reply, she had the greatest look of embarrassment as she realized what she had said. i knew she had pulled an 'are you fucking sorry,' so i said "well i hope i matter to someone!" as she was leaving, she turned to me and said, "you matter to me." people are weird.so i recently got a job at a family owned jewelry store that's very well known in my area. it's seasonal, but the pay is good plus i get commission for every piece of jewelry i sell. so, anyway, i clock in at 10 this morning then immediately go to use the bathroom. as soon as i get out and start walking to my post, the owner and my paycheck signer, (we'll call him mr. b) pulls me aside. &gt;"i have a present for you," he tells me. then he hands me a cute little gift bag from bath and body works and tells me merry christmas. inside was a makeup bag with body spray, lotion, hand sanitizer, and shower gel in japanese cherry blossom scent, and some mint cocoa lip gloss. the makeup bag said, "she leaves a sparkle wherever she goes" under a picture of a pink diamond. he remembered that japanese cherry blossom is my favorite scent from bath and body works from way back in september when i casually mentioned it during my interview. i feel so appreciated and welcomed. like, he didn't have to do it, but he did. i love my job and everyone there.seeing their faces was easily the best part of the day. they tried to use 12 coupons and place 12 separate orders to beat the one coupon per customer rule, completely oblivious to the fact there were people behind them in line. last time they were here, they sent back the tacos they didn't pay for because we didn't cook brand new chicken fajita just for them (it takes 20 minutes to cook and this is fast food). then they let their kids use the dining room as a playground. other customers were getting pissed off at them too. the general manager didn't want to refuse service, but you can either say yes to these fuckers and keep 3 people happy, or say no and keep 10 people happy. edit: everyone is asking for a story and i wish i had one, but they just walked out.i've worked at the same supermarket for about five years non-consecutively as a cashier and recently got promoted to an assistant front end manager. i am generally on a closing shift this story happaned around 10pm, around the time the weirdos start wandering in and hangout until we close. while i was walking the magazine racks to see if customers hid any returns in them, an older customer who was loading her cart whom i have never seen before, asks me "are you a (new) manager here?" this generally leads to a question. being the courteous person i am, say "not entirely new, but yes ma'm i am. how can i help you?", she smiles a smile and mutters under her breath "store's really going down hill." now i am a little bit taken aback but since i am quick of wit i respond " unfortunately so is our customer base." she wasn't very happy with my response. about two years ago i was working as a cashier a pet store, we always had crazy cat ladies coming in and out. one night just at closing a regular crazy cat lady comes in she is known for causing trouble, using fraudulent coupons and just generally being an unpleasant person, gets her usual stuff and comes up to my register. i scan and bag all the items and make small talk. then she grabs her cart and starts to walk out the door. &gt;me: "ma'am you forgot to pay." &gt;cat lady:"no i didnt i'm going to put these in my car and been right back." &gt;me: i'm sorry ma'am you have to pay for the items before you leave." at this point my manager comes past.my manager had been having a bad night and wasnt in the mood for crap. &gt;manager:"whats going on?" &gt;me: " she wants to put her items in her car before paying." &gt;cat lady: " i am a customer! it's my right to do that." &gt;manager:" thats considered theft either pay or leave" &gt;cat lady: "fine!" the cat lady then pays and leaves. a few days later the store gets a call from corporate. the woman on the line is laughing so hard she can barely speak. apparently someone called to complain that we wouldn't let them take stuff out of the store without paying first.posted a story yesterday which was fairly amusing for myself. but this customer today just left me confused. i'm on mobile so can't see how the formatting has turned out but i think i did it right? so i'm filling stock down the health and beauty aisle at the grocery store i work at when i hear one of those loud annoying "excuse meeeeeeeee"'s not far away from me so head over to see what i can roll my eyes at. from here i'll be me, and dumb lady dl. &gt;me: "hey there, what can i help you with? " &gt;dl: "how much is this?" &gt;me: "all the products on the shelf have a price tag. is there one missing?" &gt;dl: "yeah, this." she holds up the promotional cube with "brand's" logo on it we have on either side of the display. &gt;me: "umm, that's actually just for promotion and is owned by the company who deals with "brand's" products so we can't sell or give it away." &gt;dl: "oh, so there's nothing inside?" &gt;me: "no... it's only promotional material to make the display stand out." dl still seems confused about why she can't buy this pointless cube but says ok so i leave it at that and get back to my work. about 20 minutes later and i've moved to another aisle at the other end of the store and i get a call on the pa for customer assistance at one of the registers. i head over and see dl holding up 'product' and waving it around. &gt;dl: "do you have 'product' in 'other variety'? i looked everywhere and you don't have it." so i go grab it from the shelf where, lo and behold, it is in the spot directly next to the one she was holding. i bring it back and hand it to her. just as im about to walk off i see, hidden behind her purse in her trolley, the promotional cube thingo. &gt;me: "umm excuse me, could i please have that back? i need it to stay on the shelf during the promotion." &gt;dl: "oh, but you told me i could have it?" i honestly don't care whether we keep it or not, but if you lie to me i'll do everything in my power so that you do not get what you want. &gt;me: "sorry if i confused you but we need to keep that on the display as it is paid for by 'brand'." she sheepishly hands it back to me and i walk of wondering why anyone would want a flimsy cardboard cube that serves no real purpose. tl;dr: people be weird, yo.i work in northern california for a mid-priced luxury fashion brand. i'm a stylist, which means i am responsible both for ordinary salesmanship work (finding sizes, maintaining visual standards, greeting customers, etc) and for style appointments, meaning i teach people how to dress, help them pick out items to fit their needs, show them what would flatter their body type, etc. one of my primary goals is to make every customer a client by demonstrating my knowledge, so they take and trust my advice, and will schedule future style appointments. ___ i'm working a mid-morning shift, and in walks a ~50 year old women with her ~20 year old daughter. both are tall, lean, tanned, blondes with english accents. i'm working with a client when they walk in, but i say "hello, welcome to [redacted]" and another stylist starts to talk to them. the daughter is roughly my age, and very attractive, so i am hoping that i can somehow help them. a few minutes go by, and the mother is trying on some items while the daughter waits. i am making small-talk with the daughter, and after a minute or two, offer to get her some "coffee, water, or juice" (as we have these available for clients free of charge, and i'm trying to ingratiate myself with her). she says "i hate to be a bother, but..." she reaches into her handbag. she produces a small box, which she opens. she reaches into the box, and with careful grip, produces a teabag. "...could you brew some tea for me, please?" i don't think this is too odd, although it is distinctly english in my mind. i retrieve a cup for hot beverages, and pour some hot water into it in our back-of-house kitchen, and carry it out to her. i warn her that it's quite hot, and that she should let it brew another minute or two. i go on about my work, processing some items, letting the other stylist take care of the pair of women. i go over to the fitting rooms to check on her, and see her reaching into her handbag to find something else. at first, i was worried i'd have to go brew another tea for her, having somehow botched the first. instead, i witnessed the most fantastically posh and english thing i've ever witnessed. a saucer and teacup were produced, and the tea poured from the cardboard cup i'd provided into the teacup, from which she then gently sipped. she was perfectly polite, and purchased a few items and then left. other than brewing some tea, being english, and being attractive, she was unexceptional as a customer. but i'll be damned if that isn't the most english thing i've ever witnessed. **teal deer: a customer brought her own tea and teacup into my store.**so it's been a hectic day, i'm on my break and this happened a little while ago. this man came through my line buying two boxes of holiday cards. they're on sale right now, buy one get the second at 50% off. me: hi! how are you? clueless man: i'm fine. these should be buy one get one half off. me: (scanning items) sure thing! do you have your storecard you'd like to use? cl: (looking at screen) yes. why aren't these ringing up on sale? me: (internal sigh) they are on sale, i just need to scan your store card so you can get the sale price. cl: but theyre buy one get one half off and its not ringing up correctly. me: i understand sir, you need to use you store card to get the sale price. cl: (stares at me) why isn't the-- me: i need. your store card. cl: (fumbling through wallet for card, hands it to me, and before i have a chance to scan it) it's still not correct. me: i haven't scanned your card yet. (scans card, sales price goes through, pays, hands over bag) have a nice day! cl: yeah. (walks off) shoot me.i used to work for a clown. or the scottish place, if you prefer. it was wonderful, to be honest. it was owned and operated by a local guy who also owned another franchise that his wife ran. awesome people. it was my first job, i got paid a dollar over minimum wage, meals were free, we could take home leftovers at the end of the day (yay apple pies!!). my managers were all great people, most of my coworkers were as well. i left on good terms at the end of my senior year of high school. i came back about 2 years later. my life wasn't working out as planned, so i moved back in with my parents. walked in one day to get something to eat, and before i knew what was happening, i was giving them my uniform size and starting the next day. i was cool with it. needed a job, that one was like riding a bicycle; quickly got back into the swing of things. then corporate came calling. they had seen the amazing profits this store in a rural area was making ($3+ million a year, in *profit* in a town that has more cows than people) and of course they wanted in on that. the owners were getting older (late 50s, early 60s), had built the stores about 14 years earlier and wanted to spend more time with their grandkids. they sold both stores to corporate. made a nice chunk of change to retire on, they left on their yacht to sail down to the bahamas for a year or so. then came corporate and becky. she had been an agm at another store, and was anxious to prove herself as a brand new general manager. she didn't like that employees all got free meals, but the previous owners had made that a stipulation in the contract. she insisted that our paper costs were out of control and made a rule that drive-thru customers only got one napkin per meal ordered. customers complained, and i directed them to becky. she also discontinued the store policy of free refills in the drive-thru. we only had about 3 regulars who took us up on the offer, and they understood, but didn't like it. we had a group of elderly gentlemen that would come in every morning. they all got a senior coffee and would sit and bullshit with each other for a few hours. bette, who worked the counter in the morning would have their coffees waiting for them (with the appropriate cream and sweeteners) by the time they got in and plunked down their 52 cents. becky made her stop. "how do you know what they're going to order?" she asked. "they've come in every weekday for the past 10 years and ordered the same thing. that's how i know," bette replied. she was a sweet lady, but didn't take shit from anyone. becky replied that she didn't care, and if food was made before it was ordered again, there would be write-ups in bette's future. and things like that continued. no more taking home leftover apple pies ("that's stealing."). the only drinks employees were allowed to have while working were soft drinks or tap water (previous owners allowed us whatever we wanted, from coffee to shakes), if we wanted something else, we had to wait until our meal break or pay for it. customers noticed the changes and started not coming in as often. sales (and profits) fell. people started quitting; even employees who had been there for years. i left after a few months, quickly finding another job. becky only lasted a year and a half before corporate took a look at the numbers and decided that she wasn't doing well. profits were cut at least in half, sales were seriously down from previous years. corporate sold it back to an owner/operator, and from what i heard, for considerably less than they paid for it. in essence, becky refused to listen to the employees and managers (some who had been there since the store opened) as far as how the store needed to be run, and insisted on doing it all the corporate way. from what i hear, it's still not the same as in the old days, but it is considerably better than the corporate days.hello. i don't post, really, but i had to share this experience with a customer from yesterday. i work at a locally-owned convenience store. we only take cash, debit, and credit if it's visa or mastercard -- nothing else. in walks older gentleman who whips out a discover card. i inform him that we only accept visa and mc. most people understand this. we have a sign posted on the window explaining this. old man is baffled. om: "i only use discover. are you saying you don't want my money? your store doesn't want my business?" me: "no, that's not it at all sir. we just do not take discover or amex at this time; however, we're working on accepting those cards in the future. do you have any other payment today?" om: "no, and i won't be coming here again. you've lost me as a customer. i've just moved a few blocks away and planned to stop by daily, but i think i will go to [competitor], who isn't breaking federal laws!" (yes, he does shout those two words.) me: "excuse me, sir?" om: "federal law requires that you accept all major credit cards. i will also be reporting you." before i could respond, he dashes out the door. what planet do these people fall out of?hello tfr, reading all your lovely stories brings back so many memories of why i got out of retail. people who've never worked it just can't comprehend some of the things we see every day (but i guess it's like that most places). since you've all been giving me flashbacks, i'll share one of my favorite personal stories from my time in the trenches. it's black friday, 2003 (has it been 10 years already? wow). i'm working as a tech for a large us electronics retailer (but everyone works "sales" on black friday, right?) and its right before the gates open. i and a few other employees that are not in the departments that will be attacked in the "first wave" have this tradition of lining up against the entrance rails (the chrome things that funnel people in) of the store on bf. it's kind of like watching the running of the bulls in spain for us; it helps you get amped up for what's going to be a long day. so the pep talks have happened, everyone is in place, and the store manager unlocks the inner door and chains. everyone sort of holds their breath as the outer doors are unlocked and slid open. the store manager barely has time to hurdle the entrance rails before this mass of people push past us in a frenzy of greed and entitlement. towards the front of the pack is a woman (probably mid 40's) dragging her elderly mother (easily 70 or so) along on her quest for cheap consumer goods. then, like a stereotypical action movie, everything suddenly slows down, sounds become muffled and indistinct. we all see the old woman stumble. we see the terror in her eyes as she trips falls to one knee and lurches forward. we see her daughter look back over her shoulder at her mother, now in very real danger of being trampled. the daughter lets... go... no hesitation in her step, no look of regret in her eyes. her head snaps forward, intent on her prizes as she merges back into the crowd. the mother drops to the ground surrounded by chaos and it reminds me of watching platoon. at this point, we snap back to real-time and myself, two rather large security guys and the manager jump the rail and try to push the mob back through the door so we can get to the old woman. i end up helping get her off the floor and out of the way while the security guys play riot police and trade insults and (in one case) black eyes with the mob. we get the woman back to the store office, she's shaken and scared and a bit bloody due to a split lip and her nose impacting the floor. store manager puts a call in to ems and we try to keep her calm until they arrive. she starts asking for her daughter, afraid she might need to go to the hospital, so we start paging overhead and i go out to try and locate her in person. i'm out looking for 30 minutes or so with no luck, with pages still sounding overhead as i work my way back to the office. the emt's have arrived, and have the woman on a gurney checking her out. bumps and bruises, but they think she's fine. she needs to go be checked over anyways. she doesn't want to go without her daughter, so they agree to wait a bit longer. an hour after the fall the daughter rolls up to customer service, ignoring the huge register lines, with an overflowing cart of product. she demands that we check her out immediately so she can tend her injured mother and take her to the emergency room. she starts ranting immediately about how horrible we all are for caring about money more than her mother’s health. customer service chick isn't having it, i'm not having it, manager is trying really hard not to let loose on this lady, and the emt's are just disgusted. before any of us can really do anything the tiny little elderly woman, wrapped up in bandages strapped to a gurney looks her daughter square in the eyes and says "f*expletive*k you, daugthers_name" before turning to the emt's with "let's roll boys". daughter freaks out at this, and while her mother is being wheeled towards the entrance she grabs hold of a police officer that was standing nearby (he came in with the emts), tearfully demanding he do something about the situation. officer friendly takes one look at her and says "lady, i've heard the whole thing. you can *expletive* wait in line like everyone else. if you cause any more problems for these people, you'll be leaving with me."i own my business. we have an awesome pos where i can (and do) store customer's names, addresses, and phone numbers. (it's a fabric and yarn store where it is helpful to know what a customer bought previously, especially when they're asking me). we recently had a customer come in and tell us she'd paid for a partially assembled shop sample hanging on the wall and was here to pick it up. i have employees and hadn't heard of anyone buying it, but have a habit of believing my customers, particularly when i know their names. so, i pull the sample off the wall and fold it up. she stands around and chats for a minute, all the while i'm searching the computer to see if we've got record of the transaction. i'm not finding anything and she must see a bit of confusion on my face because she grabs the sample and quickly says her goodbyes. turns out she didn't actually pay for the sample. so, we call her. she claims that one of my employees told her it was $7.95 and she'd given the employee $10 while she was just too busy to get it off the wall. we don't price things at the .95 level. we don't take cash without a register transaction and we don't sell a $35 dollar sample for less than $10. we tell her she needs to come into the shop and pay off the difference (we're not fighting about the $10 at this point). this has been a week ago. she still hasn't come back. our options now are call the police and report the theft or tell all of her friends (who shop at our store) and call her church (mennonite/german baptist cap wearing types) and ask them to pass along the message that she owes us money. this one is going to be fun... a quick edit on the slander/libel thing. there is video proof she walked out without paying and our pos has absolutely no record of any payment or purchase by her since april 2014. back then (couple years ago) before i changed departments and went to gas station i was a cashier at a local grocery chain. i had the misfortune of working christmas eve. luckily i worked in the morning and was out by 12:00 noon. i'm working the till and that christmas eve morning it was actually raining and cold. (no snow. it doesn't snow where i live) i was near the exit so would constantly get a breeze of cold wet air. i had been working the past 4 days so i could get the following week off and be able to hang out new year's eve. things were going smooth when i had my first difficult customer of the day. snobby lady we will call her. me: hello find everything alright? snobby lady: yes. yes i did. it's nice and cold outside but i'm not liking the rain. me: yes it is. and me either. hopefully it doesn't rain tomorrow on christmas day. snobby lady: i know. i'm going to come early to get some more things for lunch and dinner for my family tomorrow. (now just a note. we are closed christmas day. we always have been. we have signs on every single cash register stating we are closed and will open the next day) me: oh well you should get those items right now or later today. we are going to be closed tomorrow. it's christmas day. snobby lady: oh no i'll just come tomorrow me: ma'am. we are closed tomorrow snobby lady: what do you mean your closed tomorrow. it's christmas day! i have things i need to buy! me: and i have a family i'd like to be at home with and spend my day with. if you have things you need to buy do so now. snobby lady: i need to speak to your manager now! (at this point i was like "great. i shouldn't have said that.") my manager shows up to speak to her. manager: yes ma'am. how can i help you? snobby lady: your employee "unrealdude03" (while looking at my name tag) said you are closed tomorrow. i demand this store be open. i have things to buy and i am the customer. manager: i'm sorry ma'am but we have signs posted all over the store stating we are closed and the signs have been up for over 2 weeks now. i suggest you buy what you need now. (she was quite taken back at this response) snobby lady: i know (insert main store managers name here) and i will make sure you and "unrealdude03" will get fired for turning away a customer! manager: if you would like to speak to him he is actually right there (point in direction) snobby lady: i will! enjoy being jobless on christmas! she left and went immediately to speak to him. he paid little to no attention to her and asked her to leave his store if she was going to continue to harass him and his employees. that main manager has probably never stood up for his employees. he usually does what the customers want even though it's against corporate policy. i was working in the garden center of my store again yesterday, stuck all alone in my cube with a long line of customers and no backup cashiers. a guy that is at least 45 years old comes up with a bunch of wall blocks, holland pavers, and some other odds and ends. i ring everything up and tell him his total. he'll be big baby, bb for short. &gt;me: okay, that'll be $$$$. &gt;bb: hang on, i forgot something. he leaves his flatbed cart at my register, blocking other customers from entering and exiting the garden center and blocking me from entering and exiting my cube. i climb over his cart and push it out of the way with all my might. i finally get it moved behind the closed registers and continue helping people. a group of old ladies lined up at the closed register, and i told them to come over to my line as i was the only person out there. i ring one of them out and bb comes back up and cuts in front of the next old lady. &gt;bb: okay i'm ready. *shoves weed tarp in my face while i'm talking to the next lady in line* &gt;me: okay, she's next. she has been waiting for twenty minutes and has voiced that her legs are tired and that she just wants to pay for her stuff and go out with her friends. &gt;bb: well i was here first, i'm ready now. i just needed to get this one thing. &gt;me: you left the line to get that one thing. i'm not going to start ringing up people out of order. she has waited in line like everyone else. i will ring you up when i'm done with these guys. there were two people before bb in line, but he decides to go sit on his flatbed cart and pout. i finish helping the two remaining customers and wait for him to come over to me. he won't. more people line up, so i ring them out. this continues for about half an hour. another old lady comes up and comments about how bb has been sitting on his cart for a while and asks him if he would like to go in front of her. &gt;me to bb: are you ready to check out now? i can help you over here. &gt;bb with toddler-like attitude: i've been ready for a while now but you won't help me. &gt;me in the most not-putting-up-with-this-s**t-but-still-using-an-overly-sweet-mother-voice: if you bring your stuff over i can help you over here. so bb acts like this is a great deal and makes a show out of bringing all of his stuff over. i had suspended the original transaction, so all i had to do was scan the one item he went to get and he could pay and be on his way. i scan the one thing and he says i've "got to be kidding him" when i say i only needed to scan that one item. he pays and finally leaves. &gt;me to the old lady in line behind him: i wasn't ignoring him, he was acting like a baby because i wouldn't let him cut in line earlier. he has been sitting there for half an hour refusing to let me ring him out. &gt;old lady: wow, i knew he was sitting there a long time, but i didn't think he was just being a little sh*t. heh. edit: i made it to the qotd link thingy! dreams do come true.so, i was stocking dog biscuits at the pet retailer where i worked for three years. an elderly woman and her daughter approached and i greeted them and asked if i could help with anything. they declined so i went back to stocking the dog biscuits. out of no where, the elderly woman reached across me to grab a bag of treats from a higher-up shelf. as she brought the treats down from the shelf she brought her elbow straight into my face. now. she didn't hit me hard enough to do any real damage but an elbow to the face will cause anyone to react right? i mean. i kind of teared up, and the woman's daughter kind of spazzed out. "mom!" she said. "you should apologize." the old woman's response? "but why? she works here."another annoyance from the gift shop. as mentioned in my other posts, we also sell lotto tickets. this was some time last year and there is a huge jackpot on that night, so naturally, i'm flat out. there is a constant line about 8 people long and i'm going as fast as i can while remaining pleasant. now some people come in with their card that has their favourite numbers saved on it and many of these will have multiple tickets (one for each day or whatever). while their tickets print i usually make some small talk about the weather or ask what's on for the weekend etc. as i'm going through customers i notice a lady huffing and puffing, rolling her eyes, i'm sure you know the kind. she's all dressed up, short dress, open toed shoes and it is cold out. i live in a fairly rural town and usually only see people dressed like this in the middle of the night for clubbing or when the horse races are on, so i'm a bit confused as to why the hell she insists of freezing herself. anyway, i'm serving a regular lady and have a bit of a chat while her tickets print and i have her sorted in about 1 minute. so now i'm up to miss huffnpuff (hp). hp: you realize that if you didn't talk so much the line would go faster? i'm *freezing* and you are making me stand in line! me: (wondering why the hell she isn't wearing a jacket and scarf like everyone else) i just like to be friendly while things are printing so we aren't just standing in silence is all, what would you like? so as her tickets print i ask how she is and she just gives me this glare and ignores me, so i try not to roll my eyes. as she goes to leave i glance at the screen again before clearing it for the next person and realize i've short changed her $1. me: just a second! sorry, i shortchanged you by a dollar. (i smile and hold out the coin for her) hp: (snatches the coin and scrapes me a bit with her nails, heaves a big sigh) all the service in this town is *horrible*, all you rurals have *no idea* how to treat people. in [big city], mistakes like this just *don't happen*! whatever, i just ignore her completely (i have the freedom from my employers where i don't have to take shit) and go to the next in line, remaining my cheery self, while hp starts crapping on about how great the city is in comparison and i internally start hoping she chokes on the smog. i'm just thinking about telling her to please leave when one of my regulars, i guess him to be 19-20 mumbles loudly "oh my god, faarrkk ooff". everyone hears him and i try not to snort laughter, which is hard since the guy i'm currently serving is shaking with silent giggles. hp: you people are absolutely *appalling*! no respect whatsoever! young regular guy then says "what? you want us all to kiss your rings coz you're from [big city] or something?" she clip clops angrily out of the shop and into the rain while everyone cracks up laughing. **tl:dr, lady thinks we should kneel before her mighty high heels.****background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. **story:** i think this week i'm going to focus on stories about people who try to scam me. they rarely get away with it, but that sure doesn't stop them from trying. we had two customers that came into the store and announced to the cashier that they were looking to spend around $1000 and wanted to pick up a lot of fireworks. my dad greeted them and offered to show them around. dad went through the spiel and started showing them videos and helping them out. the entire time, these two were trying to work a better deal. i know most people don’t try to haggle when shopping at their local target store, but hey, i get it, it's a fireworks tent, and the truth is we usually are willing to haggle a bit, especially if you’re picking up a lot of stuff. these guys definitely took it to the next level. my dad is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet, but this type of thing wears on him pretty fast, especially when someone is obviously going over the top. it’s one thing to offer a lower amount for an item, but when you start criticizing the products or my store, my dad is going to quickly lose interest in helping you. after about 30 minutes of this, i could see dad was pretty much over these guys, so i walked up and told them that if they were going to pick up a lot of stuff, we would just give them 20% off their total order. they immediately protested that that wasn’t good enough, but i was pretty firm. i already know that i’m cheaper than anyone else, and 20% is a substantial discount. hell, the only reason i did 20% is because my dad was tired of dealing with them and i wanted to get them out of the store. the guys finish picking out their stuff and go to check out. they fill out the liability waiver, and the cashier starts to ring in their stuff. after the cashier rings in their purchase, she waves me down, and i walked over to the counter to see what the issue was. tweedle dum and tweedle dumber (td) were trying to pay with two $500 gift certificates. now i give away a lot of gift certificates on the radio and during sales promotions. the thing is, i only give away $50 gift certificates. these two idiots have obviously photocopied and altered a real gift certificate, and are trying to pass it off. now i’m pissed. **me:** this is the worst forgery i’ve ever seen. you guys are idiots. **td1:** i won those on the radio. they’re real. **me:** my gift certificates are printed on custom paper, and i only issue $50 gift certificates. these are colored scans of a gift certificate and they’re not real. **td1:** yes they are! **td2:** besides, if you’re gift certificates don’t say no reproductions on them, you can make copies. **me:** yeah, that’s not what the law says. what the law does say is that you’re guilty of 3rd degree felony theft for trying to steal $1300 of fireworks (their amount before the 20% discount). **td1:** we didn’t try to steal anything! **me:** you attempted to pay with a forged document. it’s the same as if you used a stolen credit card. i have your name, address, and multiple witnesses, and i fully intent to press charges. you guys can stay until the cops arrive, or they can arrest you at home, doesn’t matter to me. **td1:** that’s not real. we didn’t steal anything. **me:** oh, because the last two times this has happened at my store (never actually happened before), the people were arrested and convicted of theft. i guess we’ll let the police sort it out. if you can’t pay for the fireworks, it’s theft. td1 and td2 start an intense negotiation between themselves that involves more than a little shouting at each other. after a while, they insist that i’m wrong, but they’re willing to pay with a credit card just to be done with it. they’re trying to figure out how to split up the $1000 when i informed them that the total was $1300. there’s no way in hell i was giving them a 20% discount after they tried to scam me. in the end, they only paid for and received around $600 of fireworks, and they had to split the charges over four credit cards between them to do that. we were very careful with the signatures and i made the cashier copy down their driver’s license numbers, just in case they tried to dispute the charges. to be honest, i would have just let them leave if they had tried. it's not really worth my time or effort to press it, and i was actually just making it up as i went along because they pissed me off. they definitely didn’t leave happy. my dad couldn’t resist when they were walking out. **dad:** you dumbasses come back and see us again next year. they haven’t been back. ------ if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](tl;dr: cart, not cat. so, at my store (popular west coast electronics store) we have carts filled with "open box" discounted merchandise. last night, i helped a customer with an item and put it in his shopping cart. a few minutes later, i see him come back to my area and browse through the open box cart. i turned my attention elsewhere for a few minutes, and when i turned back to the open box cart, it was gone and the cart with his one ~~it me~~ item was still there. i look around and see him browsing the aisles with the open box cart (signs and all). after a couple of minutes he looks down at his cart and looks really confused. he then walks back, put the open box cart back and grabs his cart. funniest thing i've seen in a long time.on mobile so excuse my formatting this just happened earlier today. i work for a cell phone company. a lady came in wanting to add 3 new lines of service to her account. she picked out our most expensive higher end cell phones. immediately red flags went off in my head. firstly the account was based in another state. secondly she really didn't seem concerned with monthly cost. she had an id that matched the account holders name but i was feeling really suspicious. i let my manager know my concern so he joined me at the table and started asking her questions like what brings her into town etc etc. she suddenly says she needs to run some errands and can she come back. we say sure. after she leaves i called the number on the account and got a hold of the account holder who confirmed she wasn't in my store and is in fact in another state. at that point we confirmed it was fraud and contacted the police. the fraudster actually called back and asked if her phones were done yet. i told her 15 minutes and she could pick them up. she ended up not coming back. not sure if she saw the cop car( even though we told him to park in the back) and got spooked. either way it was a satisfying feeling to stop someone from committing fraud and hopefully getting her busted in the future!this happened on christmas eve. i was having a very long day and i was exhausted. this young couple walked in and the guy asked for number candles for his grandmother's birthday cake. me: which numbers would you like? him: two ones and a zero. me: wow is she 110 years old? him: haha yeap. 110! me: that's incredible! him: hey, you think that's a lot? she's healthy as a horse! me: isn't it? i hope she stays strong and healthy! i was honestly surprised but as they were walking out i saw them laughing at each other. and that's when i realised my mistake. today he came back for something else. me: so, she's 101 isn't she? him: haha yes, you remember. me: still a lot, by the way. i guess he was nice about it, but i kinda felt bad about the other day. they did laugh with my stupidness after all. edit: thank you guys for saying that i wasn't stupid :di work for a major furniture retailer. one night i we had a large family come in late and hold us up putting together a large order for delivery. they were in the store a full hour after close and that was 45 minutes after the next-to-last customer left. we got the order together and it went out for delivery the next day. because of the self-serve nature of our business we charge a small fee for the "getting-stuff-together" part and a separate small fee for delivery. together they add up to about $100. we have paperwork you have to sign authorizing those fees making sure you understand them. you go home with a copy of said paperwork.this family's order was roughly $2300 with those fees included. the next day, before the delivery took place a man comes in. he had not been there the previous night, but had the last customer's paperwork. he is the brother of the titular member of that party. he is very upset at the "getting-stuff-together" fee. we explain it to him and he is still upset. he wants it refunded and demands the refund or he will return everything. we tell him we can return everything, even the delivery fee, but not the "getting-stuff-together" fee, since that service has been performed already. he accuses us of theft and said he will call the cops! we tell him our hands are tied, we can not refund for a service already performed, but he is not having any. he skulks off and calls 911. *60 seconds later* an officer comes through the door. he must have been in our parking lot when the call came in. he is very upset. the "customer" explains the situation and the cop reads him the riot act for calling 911 over a civil matter. the guy gets upset and says "i can't believe you are talking to me this way!" more officers arrive. the first officer explains again and also explains that if we wanted to, we could ask the officers to assign a trespass warning to the "customer" and if he shows his face in our store again he'll be arrested. the "customer" changes his tune. he wants the delivery, but we will be hearing from his lawyer about the "getting-stuff-together" fee! he leaves, the officers joke about calling off the swat team and the helicopters and all 5 of them leave.sorry for posting again so soon but i couldn't get this one out of my head so i feel obligated to share it. this incident takes place during my summer position at a gas station. all employees wore headsets so we wouldn't have to yell from across the store. from the moment this guy walked in i could tell he was having a bad day. he impatiently waits in line. when he makes it to the counter, he starts speaking and suddenly there came a fairly loud conversation taking place over the headsets. taking the earpiece out, i apologize. "i'm sorry sir, what was that?" apparently that meant i was deaf and stupid. "coolant! c-o-o-l-a-n-t, where is it!?" "oh, i'm sorry, it's right down this first aisle here on the bottom shelf." he storms off and picks one up, brings it up and drops it on the counter. i quietly ring it up and tell him his total. he opened his wallet and a very audible "fuck!" radiated through the store. "i hope i have enough in my damn bank account." he swipes his card, it goes through. he snatches the coolant and heads out to his car. it was only then i noticed the hood was propped up and a twenty something girl was sitting in the passenger seat, crying. i keep my attention on the guy, as there were no other customers at that moment. he makes an attempt to pour the coolant in and misses, getting it everywhere except where it needed to be. i can't hear him but i can see his mouth go through the motion of that famous word again... several times. he comes back in. "can i get a funnel and some paper towels?" it took a few seconds as i was turning around i swore i heard "please". no, surely not. "absolutely, did you need any help out there?" i say as i hand him a small stack of towels and a funnel. this guy was shaking so much in frustration he was about to break. "no, i should be able to get it this time. thanks though." wait...what? fast forward to a few minutes later, he comes in to wash his hands. i figured he'd just leave afterwards. nope. he stood in line again, this time less anxiously. he reaches the counter again and sighs. "i'm sorry for being short with you. i had to drive all the way to the other side of the state to get my daughter and her stuff from her asshole boyfriend's apartment. my car is overheating and i spent everything i had getting over there and back." i carry on speaking with him for a few minutes about how her boyfriend must have been a major ass-hat and directing him to an auto shop down the road that did quick, free assessments. by the time he left, he had a smile on his face and a freezy drink in each hand (because i felt bad and had extra coupons). everything is better with freezies. not a bad day. **tl;dr -** guy starts out as a jerk, slowly turns into a decent guy and apologizes for being a jerk. also, freezies make the world a better place. *edit* because i suck at typing.i'll start from the beginning. i started working for x store in october. i was friendly with the manager, he knew my situation and was completely understanding (a truly amazing guy). he knew my husband was military and there was a small possibility we'd move back to our home state in 2016 when my husband gets out if he can't find a job (my paycheck at x store wouldn't cover any bills, let alone rent). he was fine with it all, even offered to help me if it came down to that, and put in a transfer request. fast forward to about 3 weeks ago. the manager who hired me passed away (may he rest in peace) an assistant was promoted to manager leaving a position open. i was passed up for it because the cashier we recently hired and been an assistant with x store before and she is an extremely awesome person, so i was fine with it. when the new manager was explaining that i was next in line for promotion we got to talking casually about my vehicle finally being repaired so i didn't have to walk to work etc. the following conversation made me see red.. me:"yeah, i'm happy about it. now we are putting the rest back in savings just in case the move does have to happen." nm-"move? you're moving?" me-"well, it's a big if kind of thing. we really want to stay here in [insert state here] because we love the weather, but if my husband can't find work after he gets out of the military we'll have to move back to our home state for financial security." nm-".... you're military affiliated? wow, you're lucky. i wouldn't have hired you then. i never hire military, they are completely unreliable." (this being said after i've worked numerous doubles to cover co-workers shifts, offered to switch shifts for co-workers when they needed it etc) "well, you can forget what i said about any promotion. you'd just be a complete wasted resource for me." me- "wait, really?" (at first i thought she was joking) nm-"yeah, i wouldn't have said it if i didn't mean it...." at that point, i still had about 20 minutes before i had to clock in so i step outside to calm down. i was furious, why work for a company when you know you won't move forward... i called my mother in law and spoke to her about it, she suggested i contact hr and go from there. so, i walk back in and nm is just trash talking me for being military affiliated and now suddenly unreliable to the cashier who was just promoted. i was so upset at that point, i didn't want to work with her because i would've lost my job. i spoke to my awesome co-worker about it and she agreed to cover my shift, she could tell i was pretty upset, i was on the verge of tears. that night, i emailed hr, contacted our district manager and spoke to him about it all. few days later he comes into the store and pulls me aside. nm claimed she was joking and laughed when she stated those things to me, so she didn't get in any sort of trouble. the district manager then told me that our previous manager had bragged me up that he wanted to see me training for a supervisor position in the next week. good news, i am now officially training for the promotion i'll be receiving next week. wish my old manager could be here for it. bad news, the promotion is because my awesome co-worker is being transferred to a new store opening up a few towns away =( so, going to miss her but happy she's getting to be bosslady at a new store =) first time post! apologies if i'm too long-winded. back in high school, i worked for a coffee chain. let's call it barschmucks. we had all sorts of customers and a few good regulars, but one of our regular demographics was the elderly. we were located very close to a pair of assisted living homes and were in a community that's 97% white and whose average home value was $900,000, so we had quite a few grandmas and grandpas coming in. one trend i noticed was that the old-timers would often want their drinks hot. they would almost never order cold drinks and they would request that their lattes be extra hot. we'd often be asked to microwave drip coffees because 170 degrees ostensibly wasn't hot enough for them. so one day, a little old lady comes up and asks for a zen tea, extra hot. no problem, my coworker rings her up while i make the tea. on our coffee maker, there's a hot water spout. you know, those red levers that dispense water? well in case you didn't know, that water is at an off-boil (~205 degrees). it's hot enough that you can't hold the bare cup whilst filling it, lest you burn your hand. to make tea, you simply grab a cup, drop in the tea bag, fill it with the water, top it, and serve it. i do steps 1-3, but while trying to put on the top, the wall of the cup caves inward and sends 190-200 degree water all over my arms and hands. this isn't the first burn i've had working there, so i dutifully remade the drink immediately. i hand the lady her new cup of tea and apologize for the hold-up. she takes a sip, frowns, and asks if we can make it any hotter. i look at her, down at the blisters forming on my hands, then back at her. *forced smile* "no ma'am. that's as hot as it gets." tl;dr: found a severed human finger in the mocha mix, served it to hundreds of customers anyway.maybe it's the six day streak of eight hour shifts but either my tolerance for rudeness has gone down or something in the air has made customers ruder. any who, it does remind me of this incident a few months ago. so we're a smaller version of big uk supermarket chain, but one nevertheless. i get people haggling prices all the time even one women who argued because it was cheaper than she initially thought. if you wanna haggle, go to a market. it's quiet and i'm sweeping up near till when the infernal noise of self scans go off, telling me to verify the weight of items on the scale. no biggie happens a lot, customers put their own bags on them or even so much as look at it funny and it freaks out. i go over to the guy with a look on his face i can only describe as "i don't have time for this" and see what's up, he doesn't want the apples he scanned sighing over how produce is expensive. okay i go to cancel them, as i do so and go to put them back he grabs my wrist. mistake one, i may be a retail lapdog but you don't touch me especially to grab. then he comes out with this gem. "why don't you just put them in my bag" confused i scan them back in. "wait, i don't want to pay for them, but i want them." now it's dawning on me but i hang tight to denial. "sorry sir" i say, "but i can't just give things away that's theft, i'll get fired" he sighs loudly again, almost sarcastically. "but produce is expensive no one will know, come on just give them to me." now i'm pissed. my job is not worth losing because you don't want to pay £2 for apples. i repeat one last time for emphasis. "sir i cannot do that if you don't want to pay the prices i'm sure there is a green grocer that has cheaper apples. but i'm not letting you walk out with something you haven't paid for." i cancel it, grab the apples and keep a close eye until he pays and leaves. on the way out having the balls to say he'll complain. good you do that, i'd really like to hear how it's an atrocity i wouldn't let you leave with things you haven't paid for. sheesh. i work with children a lot, as a photographer as a portrait studio, and one of my favorite sessions is 1 year old cake destruction shots. this mom bring in her little girl and tell me that she's looking for some normal photos and then she's going to change her into a tutu and wings and tiara for her cake destruction photos. pretty standard thing for me really. so the session is going pretty normally for the first 20 minutes, then i tell her we can change her for the cake shots. mom gets her all dressed up while i pull down the easy to clean white backdrop. the little girl looks ridiculously adorable and mom can not stop laughing at how it's just hit her that she just became one of "those" moms who dress their kids up like this. just holding her daughter and cracking up looking at her. i love this lady. we set her daughter down on the backdrop floor and put the cake in front of her. she just stares at it and i get a couple cute photos like that and i tell mom to show her it's ok by putting her hand into the frosting and cake, and then her daughter's hand into it. mom does it and the little girl laughs, then mom puts her hand in and she looks shocked for a second, eats a little bit, and then burts out crying! just wailing! i take a few shots any way because this may be as good as it gets. but that's when it gets good (bad?). her daughter then tries to get up and get away from it, but the poor things doesn't know where to crawl away (she hasn't started walking yet on her own) and pushes her hands really far into the cake for stability. which normally is adorable, but she's scream-crying now. i'm still shooting away, because i'm a crazy person apparently but mom's not helping her either. she eventually realizes she can't crawl away because now it's surrounding her, when this determined look takes over her face. her daughter pushes all the way down on the cake reaching the floor and stands up! mom is clapping and saying good job and it grabs her daughters attention, and her daughter's hatred of being dirty from the cake has her reaching out making grabbing motions at mom (who's sitting next to me). mom makes the motions back thinking she's just supporting her standing on her own and then it happens. her daughter started walking towards her! for the first time ever on her own! the pure hatred of having dirty hands and feet from cake has spurred this little girl to walk for the first time! and you can bet your butt that i started shooting like a mad man! moving around in different angles as fast as i could to get as many shots as possible of her first walk. she eventually makes it to mom, who's nearly in tears from pride and laughter of the situation and collapses onto mom, covering her in frosting as well. at that point my time is up and mom and i are just laughing so hard we can barely breathe. mom cleans her daughter up in the bathroom and i clean up the cake and frosting from the backdrop. i edit the photos and make a few collages of her first time walking, and a number of birthday card examples of her bawling her eyes out looking like godzilla smashing cake city. i sit mom down to slideshow the photos and she has doubled over at the ridiculous photos of her daughter's first walk. her daughter, in a fairy costume and tiara, covered in cake, bawling her eyes out, walking for the first time. she bought the whole set. the best part, she came back at the christmas season and brought me a present! a little cupcake with a candy camera in the frosting. she told me that all of her family is in love with the photos and that her husband was so happy that he didn't have to miss out of photos of his daughter's first steps, and that the ridiculousness of the photos made it better.so i was a customer in this shop. it is a small sub shop owned by really cool guy who is a really good cook. there was this really mean customer who was complaining that after she finished her sub it was horrible and wanted a complete refund. also my apolologies on formatting i'm using a phone. at this point she calls the owner an asshole tells him that his food sucks and continues to demand her money back. without even blinking, the owner looks at her, opens the register, takes out a 20 and then says. "you have bought and eaten your sandwich, making satisfied noises while you were eating the sandwich and if you're going to be like this i don't want you as a customer, to show how little i care this is the 20 you gave me a few minutes ago." he then tears the $20 bill into little pieces smiling and then said "get the fuck out" this guy will continue to have my business.mobile. apologies for poor format and story telling. i work for a large health and beauty pharmacy chain. also includes a photo department, which we call the lab. this story takes place a couple years ago when i was first being 'photo trained'. we have ll, lab lady who was training me. she was leaving for a break and i assured her i could run it fine on my own. she then points to a lady in the corner on one of the kiosks, and tells me she may need my help. 5 minutes after ll leaves i hear "oh, misssmashing i need your help". okay, obviously ll told her my name. i'll refer to this lady as sw (strange woman). sw: please help me i'm not sure how to choose a photo. as i go to demonstrate selecting a photo, i notice that, all the photos displayed are of her boobs. sw: whoops. *giggles* how embarrassing. at this point i realise her stance is one that she thrusting her 'assets' more forward than normal. weird. on screen some of the photos are upside down. sw: oh no. will they print upside down? me: uh. you can then physically turn the picture round. (i demonstrated) she chooses the ones she wants, bearing in mind all the pictures are almost identical, same angle, same lighting, no creativity. then asks me to show her how to scroll through. so i show her how, as i go down through the photos, they, also go down. no joke, she had the flash on, on her lady parts. i could see her insides. all on the screen. i don't know how i kept my composure. this woman was slightly strange and i think she enjoyed watching me cope with the situation. they weren't exactly flattering pictures, but whatever. later ll comes back smirking at me. she knew this woman as a regular, and knew exactly what she was going to put me through and it was hilarious. edit: i think i should clarify some things. i still work in the lab. the lady has never returned. it was unpleasant but she wasn't doing anything illegal, just strange. i did check with ll for clarification on the rules. this woman had some sort of mental disability, i can't say for sure but when i am in charge of the lab it is my discretion how to handle these situations. i made a decision to help her, quickly so she could leave quicker. all it is now is an interesting story. it's awful that it may have had a different result if she was male but i can't speculate on that either. interesting comments though thanks!i used to work at a cake place that sold personal size cakes in little containers. one day, when a lady orders one and i hand it to her, she examines it and complains that it's way too small. she demands i go to the back and get another one. i take the cake, go behind the doors to the back, wait 30 seconds, and come back out with the same cake. "is this one better?" she looks at it very closely for a few seconds. "yes much better thank you so much!"you have to buy an entire extra unit before you get a free one. glad we all understand that. it's a shame that customers don't. so my store runs b2g1f. i can understand how the wording can be a bit ambiguous if you can't think for yourself (sorry, this sale brings out the worst in me). so this lady (c) comes up to my counter holding two spools of thread. &gt; me: "just the threads was it, mate?" &gt; c: "yes please." &gt; me: "it's b2g1f at the moment, so you can get a free thread if you like." &gt; c: "yes." the till has just freed up so i turn to log myself in and ring her items up. when i turn back to her: &gt; me: "did you grab a free one?" &gt; c: "yes." &gt; me: (waits a second for her to hand it to me, she just stands there) "okay, i'll just have to grab it so i can scan it for you." &gt; c: "you've already scanned it." &gt; me: "no mate, i've just scanned these two." &gt; c: "you don't understand your own fucking sale, do you?" *reaches over the counter and snatches the threads out of my hand* "it's buy two" *holds up both threads* "and get one free" *holds up one of the two threads* &gt; me: *picking up some packets of needles that are on the counter* "no, mate. it's buy two" *holds up two packets of needles* "and get one free" *holds up third packet of needles*. "what you've got there would be buy 1, get 1 free, which is not the sale we're running." &gt; c: *shouting* "well why don't you buy two and shove them up your arse!" she then threw the threads at me and stormed out. wtf? _______________________________________________________ another quick one, also b2g1f. it's the only sale during which a customer will tell you how many units they want to pay for instead of how many they want (why? just why?). a semi-regular customer who is a total bitch (tb) comes up to the counter with some fabric. &gt; me: "how many metres would you like, mate?" &gt; tb: "two." i'm the first to admit that i can be very petty about this sale, especially after three weeks of explaining the damn thing to people. i cut two metres from the roll and put it to the side while i grab her next roll. &gt; tb: "how many metres was that?" &gt; me: "two." &gt; tb: "what about my free metre?!" &gt; me: "you said you wanted two metres. i've given you two." &gt; tb: "i only want to pay for two metres. i want three altogether!" &gt; me: "ah, but that wasn't what i asked. i asked how many metres you'd like, not how many you'd like to pay for." &gt; tb: *grumbles* "alright, fine. can i get three metres of that one?" &gt; me: "absolutely!" *retail smile* **tl;dr if you can't understand buy (amount), get (amount) free, shop somewhere else.** ______________________________________________________________________________________ *edit* i've noticed a lot of comments about my attitude and i wanted to clarify. this sale has been on for three weeks and i wrote this directly after coming home which is why i sound so cranky :p with the first customer, we were both being perfectly pleasant with each other up until the point where she swore at me, then at that point all bets were off. i don't care what the sale is, you don't talk to me like that. with the second customer, granted i could have handled the situation better. but for context, when this woman has come in in the past (and this isn't just with me but other coworkers as well) she's asked for 6 of something. i've given her 6 (pay for 4, get 2 free, right?) and then she claimed she wanted to pay for six and get another 3 free. but then other times she's come in she's said she's wanted 6 and did actually want 6 but my coworker (based on previous experience serving her) believed she wanted to pay for 6 and so gave her a total of 9 and the customer threw a fit about it. with the vast majority of customers i'm perfectly polite about explaining the sale (because i agree that the wording could be ambiguous) but this woman damn well knows how it works and just tries to make things as difficult as possible.so i work at a small mom-and-pop stationary store. yesterday, i had two [ethnicity stereotypically known for haggling over everything] customers (douche1, douche2) come in with packages of latex balloons they wanted inflated, 50 in all. (this is a rare occurrence, 99% of the time the customers buy and inflate the balloons in-store.) they go up to the only other employee, a girl (k) that's somewhat new and still a little shaky on the more advanced parts of the job. i'm over on the lotto station, and the two stations are on opposite ends of a somewhat long counter. the ear i'm deaf in is facing that end, so i have pretty much no idea what's going on until i hear: k: "marx0r, do we inflate balloons?" me: "yeah, the price sheet is on the wall by the tank." it's a pretty uncomplicated sheet, but there are different prices for just the balloon, just the helium, or whether it's mylar, latex, or one of those jumbo balloons, yadda yadda. k apparently read the number for buying just a latex balloon (60¢) as opposed to inflating a balloon, (85¢) and quoted that number. douches: "oh, you can do better than that." *blank stare* k has no fucking idea what to do, so she calls me over. i still have no idea what's going on. i send her to the lotto station to take care of the line that's forming as four of our regular heavy players all decided to come in at once. me: "okay, so what's going on here?" douche2: "we wanted to inflate these balloons, they say... (carefully looks over the packages) helium balloons... helium balloons... helium balloons. they're all helium balloons. can you inflate them?" me: "yes." douche2: "with helium?" me: "...yeah, that's all they really use to inflate balloons. it's 85¢ per balloon." douche1: "she said 60¢ apiece." me: "did she? (looks at the sheet to double-check) oh, i think she must have accidentally read the price for just the balloon. it's 85¢ to inflate." douche1: "but she said 60¢!" now, if they had initially agreed to 60¢ when k said it, they would've paid, gotten inflated, and left, probably without me ever noticing. even if i did notice, i would've honored the price they paid and done the job, i would've just spoken to k afterwards. but they declined the 60¢ offer, and now it's off the table. me: "i'm sorry, she misquoted. it's 85¢ to inflate." douche1: "oh, you can do better than that." given that they didn't know what kind of gas goes into a balloon 5 minutes ago, i assumed that statement wasn't based on any kind of knowledge about the helium market, so time for some education. me: "i really can't, actually. there's a helium shortage (true) and the gas costs us far more than the balloons themselves. (true) there's also labor, because this is going to take us upwards of half an hour to do. (true) if you're going to do 50, i guess i can price-break 15% (the same deal we do for a dozen balloons) but that's it." d1: "what does that come out to?" me: "$36 and change, i'll even round it down to $35." (if there's one thing i'm good at, it's mental math.) d1: "are you sure that's right?" me: "...yes." d2: "can you check on a calculator?" i give the baby his bottle and punch the numbers into a calculator, with douche1 craning his neck over the counter to look at the screen. lo and behold, it comes to $36.125. me: "yeah, $36.13, and like i said i'll go down to $35, but that's the absolute lowest i can go." d2: "what does that come to per balloon?" me: "70¢ apiece." d1: "are you sure?" me: (puts calculator away) "yes." d2: "[chain] does it for 40¢ apiece!" i'm well-versed in our competitor's prices, and last i heard it was 69¢. but who knows, maybe they decided they didn't like making money anymore. me: "if that's what they're offering, than i suggest you go there. we can't go any lower than $35 for everything." d2: "they're all the way in [neighboring town]! we don't have time to go there! this is for a party in an hour." oh good, one of these people. improper planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part. me: "i'm sorry, but that's our final price." d1: "get the manager." me: "i am the manager." (somewhat true, we don't really have titles but i'm definitely ranked above most of the other employees in terms of authority.) d1: "then the owner, get him." me: "*she's* next door at [clothing store], *she'll* be back in a bit." d1: "can you call him?" me: "yeah, i'll call *her*." i call her, she doesn't answer, i leave a message. i find out later that she left her phone in her office. me: "sorry, there's no answer. i can promise you she won't go any lower than $35, though." d2: "35 dollars for balloons is a lot of money!" me: "...well, it's a lot of balloons." d1: (takes out $20, puts it on the counter) "you know, i'll pay in cash. you said the owner won't be back for a while. (no i didn't.) you don't have to ring it up, he doesn't have to know." even if i felt like ripping off my boss, (i don't, she's great) there's no fucking way i could've gotten away with that. k would've seen the whole thing, the owner has a fucking voicemail talking about the balloons, the helium tank would've been noticeably emptied, and the owner would almost definitely have returned before i was done. this isn't to mention that he's operating with the subtlety of a wayans brothers movie, and two of our good regulars are standing right next to him and heard the entire thing. by this time, k is drowning in a sea of complicated lotto orders and this one dickbag regular with no patience for anyone that can't read her mind. i don't have time to explain how miserable he is at bribery, i need to get these cheap fuckers out of the store so i can help her. me: "look, it's $35 for all the balloons, or 85¢ per. that's the best i can do. now if you'll excuse me, i have paying customers to attend to." i walk away and start taking the line of people, they talk to each other in some foreign language for a bit, and leave the store. we get the line down, laugh about how stupid they were, and out of curiosity i call the store with the purported 40¢ fill-ups. turns out it's 75¢ apiece, and they don't do any price breaks for fill-ups. about 20 minutes later, the douches return with two more people in tow (douches 3&amp;4). they start asking all sorts of ridiculous questions about all the different costs for all the different balloon-related services, if there's anywhere else nearby that can do them cheaper, (like i'm going to tell them) until we get back to: d4: "so how much is it to fill up a balloon?" me: "85¢." d3: "but [same chain as before] does it for 60¢!" d2: "no, it's 40¢!" me: "actually, i just called them and they said 75¢. if you're doing 50, i can price-match that, so it'll be $37.50 for everything." d1: "but you said $35!" me: "and you said [chain] charges 40¢." d2: (puts one bag of 15 balloons on the counter) "okay, we don't have any time, so you'll inflate this bag for 75¢." me: "no, i can only price-break if you're doing it in bulk. 15 balloons will be $12.75." d2: "but we don't have time for all 50 anymore!" me: "i'm sorry, but that's not my fault. i can price-break at 50 or it's 85¢ per balloon." they jabber in their language again and storm out, balloon-less. if they were telling the truth about their time crunch, they either got no balloons or went to the chain store (paying more in gas to get there than they saved) and were very late. my boss didn't even care about losing the sale once i told her the full story. i have instructions to ban them from the premises should they come in again. **tl;dr:** grown adults spend half an hour haggling over a few bucks. they end up gradually raising the price and failing miserably at bribing me.this just happened a few minutes ago. this morning, our phones were down for a few hours. they are working now. i just received a phone call: m "hi, thanks for calling ----" c "hi, just to let you know, your phones weren't working this morning" m "i know, i'm sorry about that, our phones were down, is there anything i can do for you?" c "i just wanted to let you know your phones weren't working. i see they're working now but just so you know, they weren't this morning. that's all." click thanks lady for letting me know our phones weren't working.i used to work in a vegetarian cafe. it was a lovely place. the owner had given up a stressful career in law to open it, and the cafe, though reasonably new, had become pretty successful. we mostly did coffee and cake (including gluten-free cake for coeliacs - one of the first places in my small town to do so, several years ago before the gluten-free craze became popularist rather than a dietry requirement). but we also had a few main meal options, like pasta bake (with or without cheese), two varieties of soup every day, quiche and so on. everything was veggie, and some things were vegan too. the whole menu was written on a blackboard right inside the door, facing the door so you could not miss it. we also had menus on the tables and the soups for the day named on further blackboards in the cafe. occasionally we had customers like this. i shall call the customer fred, because i prefer stories with names rather than initials of attributes, and i am ally. fred had come in with two young children, about 7-10 years old. &gt; ally: good afternoon sir, are you ready to order? &gt; fred (looking at his menu): do you have sausage rolls? &gt; ally: no, we're a vegetarian cafe, we don't serve meat. &gt; fred: oh. can i have two child-size ham sandwiches then please, and one chicken sandwich. &gt; ally: sir, we don't have ham or chicken, we're a vegetarian cafe. we can do cheese sandiwches, or we've got quiche, pasta bake, and our soups today are spicy sweet potato or leek and potato. &gt; fred (sighs): okay, two cheese sandiwches, brown bread, and i'll have a quiche lorraine. quiche lorraine contains bacon. &gt; ally: we don't have quiche lorraine, we're a vegetarian cafe. today's quiche is spinach and tomato. &gt; fred (sighs again): okay, i'll just have that then. so i write down his order, add the drinks he asks for, and leave the table before he asks for a meaty side.i work at a pet store. an older woman came in and looked at dog beds, and wanted to take some out to her car to decide which one she wanted. she was actually offended that i told her that product cannot leave the store without being purchased first. taking things out of the store without paying for them is called shoplifting, ma'am, and that's a crime in this state. yesterday, i was running pos at my part-time retail job and right now, we have a $10 off a $30 or more purchase coupon floating around out there. now, our store is known for giving people just about any type of discount, but this coupon states "one coupon, per person, per day". should be pretty easy, right? ..... i was about an hour into my shift when a lady comes up with a buggy-full of merchandise, which i quickly scan and bag for her. i get to the end where i ask if she has any coupons and she hands me a stack of those $10 off $30 coupons. i'm thinking, "oh yeah, she thinks she's going to get her entire purchase for free..." &gt;me: i'm sorry, but i can only accept one of these coupons today as it is one per person, per day. &gt;lady: (clearly agitated) um, no. i spent a lot of time picking out things to buy and you can use these all at one time. &gt;me: again, i'm really sorry, but it is a one per day kind of coupon. i'm happy to take $10 off your purchase, but i can't take all of these. then i get this response: &gt;lady: but my daughter works here and she said i could do it. before anyone asks, i specifically didn't ask who her daughter was because i didn't want to get accused of trying to get her in trouble, but the story works out in the end - i promise. i went over the policy again, my manager close by but didn't intervene since she could see i was handling it alright. the lady seemed to accept the information after a few minutes (i also showed where it stated it on the coupon), she paid, said thank you and went about her merry way. couple hours later, i went on break and was sitting in the break room with another pos person (who was up with me when this situation happened) and a floor person. we were just chatting when the floor person said.... &gt;floor person: oh, let me tell y'all. my mom came in earlier and said she got this really rude, snappy, "b" of a cashier ringing her out. i knew this was me. lol. she kept giving the details, up to the coupons and i was positive it was me. &gt;me: oh, that was me. and i was very polite to your mother. i explained our policy to her and she walked out happy. (the other pos lady was nodding in agreement with me.) &gt;floor person: oh....(looking a little like a deer caught in headlights)...that was you? &gt;me: yeah, and she said her daughter told her that we could take as many coupons as the customer wanted. it doesn't work that way. i was put in a pretty odd situation because i needed to know who her daughter was, but i was actually trying to not make a big deal about it with so that you, "the employee" could stay out of trouble. you might want to know who people are before talking about them and calling them "b's". she's only 20. i'm clearly older than her - by a lot - lol. who opens their mouth when they don't know who people are? crazy. oh, and she's not on the schedule anymore after this week. but that was before - it had nothing to do with me. but she doesn't necessarily know that.i work at a major national liquor store in the us. a customer comes up to me. c: do you have (whiskey brand) 18? me: sorry, no. it's very hard to come by. c: you never have it! why don't you just buy more of it so you can give your customers what they want?! me: unfortunately they can't keep up with demand. they didn't know it would be so popular when they started making it. c: why don't they just make more?! me: i assure you they are. c: well, how long does it take to make?! .... me: ...18 years... it didn't click. only anger was present on her face for a solid five seconds. finally, her eyes showed a slimmer of revelation. she leaned away from my counter, turned around, and left the store. or at least tried to. she proceeded to walk through our entrance only side that has 5 big signs saying "entrance only, no exit" the doors didn't open. she stopped just inches from the sliding doors in bewilderment. i couldn't hold it in anymore. i let a snorting exhale of brief laughter that could not have made that woman more red with anger and embarrassment.this happened this morning. i'm the manager at a photo studio. customer- hi i'm not really happy with the photo i bought, can i exchange it for this one instead? ::takes minute to pull up the online system on her tablet:: me- i'm sorry ma'am, we can't exchange digital photos. once they leave the store you could have saved the image elsewhere, and there's no way to prove that it hasn't been. customer- what?! that ridiculous! i haven't saved it anywhere, this cd hasn't even left my purs! me- ......it's the background of your tablet. people are dumb.i'm a manager at a charity shop. this just happened. woman comes in to return a pair of trousers that don't fit her husband. we do take returns for that reason but they have to still be in the condition we sold them so they can go back on the rail - they need to have our tag still attached. obviously otherwise ppl would wear things then return them or 'return' cheaper items in place of what they bought and get their money back (for instance buying a pair of m&amp;s trousers, bringing us a pair of primark trousers they don't want and getting back what they paid on the m&amp;s ones). i tell the woman she can't have the return, she leaves and comes back with her husband. he's a big guy. (i'm a 5"2 woman). he starts agressively demanding the return, shouting that it doesn't matter that the tag's not attached, i'm not budging - the tag has to be attached, long story short he throws the trousers at me, calls me a 'fat b____' and storms out. i burst into tears behind the counter. i despair. i really despair. i get up every morning, take two trains to work, i submit course work late to dedicate myself to this job, i repeated a year of uni to keep doing this, i work 7 hours a day in a freezing shop with no running water and no heating to provide an essential service to people - and i do it for no pay. we hand out free clothes to people who need it, we provide an address for homeless people to get their mail, we supply cheap secondhand goods for people who can't afford new. and this is the second time this week i've been called a b by a customer. i'm sitting in our upstairs office in tears right now and i'm just so exhausted. i can't quit cos the shop would close. two managers have quit in the last months. i can't carry on like this much longer cos i can't cope. edit: i guess i have to carry on. looking at these replies pretty much reinforces my knowledge that i'm the only one who can do this job right now. you all think it's so easy to quit, to just walk away from people who need you, you think that what makes a job worth it is the money? if this job was paid i would have walked away long ago. you think that it's worth abandoning a necessary service to complete a degree? and then what? why do you think i'm doing a degree in the first place? i chose a subject that will always put me in the centre of helping people. i will always work with the most desperate, do the jobs that most people will walk away from, and i will always do it for low or no pay. and when i look for support or empathy, when i remind people that, even if you think i'm making a bad decision in carrying on, i'm not some worthless idiot who should take everything thrown at her, or an emotionless rock who can always take everything thrown at her, i know that people will always tell me to quit. okay, blah blah, long-time lurker, first-time whatever. here we go! **background** this was a few years ago at a "gourmet" grocery store. the quotes are for the fact that my store was owned by the dominant local chain, and they had decided that they were tired of getting their asses kicked by whole foods in the high-end market, so they converted and rebranded one of their stores that was down the street from a whole foods. problem being, this is in a city in which three blocks makes all the difference. whole foods was located near an art supply house, a high-end wine distributor, and a faux dive bar that people went to ironically. **my** store was located near a lot of graffiti, a wino, and a real dive bar that people went to to get stabbed in the neck with a broken bottle. and, inside, it was a dressed-up version of the same shitty grocery store it had always been. so, one day i'm working at the meat counter (i moved departments a lot. my official job title was "specialist." my job was to help out whoever needed it.) and a rather wealthy-looking woman wandered into my sightline. she had a nice cardigan, an overly-taut and expressionless face, and she had a cranky posture that all taken together set off every asshole alarm bell that i had developed from years of dealing with customers. "excuse me, young man, but i need a rack of lamb." "of course, ma'am. i have some new zealand right here, some american over here, and i can check in the back because i think we have some argentinian if you prefer." this store was *huge* on customer service and knowledgeable employees. i mean, whole foods has those things, so we need to as well, right? "yes...i see the ones in the case there, but they won't do." "well, as i said, i think i have some in the back-" "are they bigger?" "bigger? no, ma'am, i'm sorry. the argentinian are fairly small. the biggest we have is the american here." "no, those won't work. i need **longer**." now, these were full racks. thirteen or fourteen ribs (depending on which ones, where they came from, and how they were cut.) "longer? as in, more ribs?" "yes, yes. longer." at this point she started shouting as if i were either deaf or willfully obtuse and holding her hands about shoulder width apart. "i am having ten people over for dinner and i'm giving them each two lamb chops. plus myself." thanks, i wasn't sure you'd be eating at your own dinner party. "okay, that isn't a problem. i can make sure you have 22 full chops, it will just have to be on two different racks." "no, that's not acceptable." "wellll...if you're worried about cooking times i can make sure that they're the same size. i'll actually have the butcher break down a new lamb, just to ensure-" "no. not acceptable. i'm doing a [crown roast]( finally. thank every god that has ever existed and ever will exist. i now know what i can do to make this customer happy. "oh! that's not a problem! they can be tied end-to-end with butcher's twine to make one continuous roast. i'll even do it for you before you go, if you would like." at this point, the lady started talking to me as if i were about three-quarters stupid. "**not! ack-sept-u-bull!** it has to be one piece of meat. find me a roast with 22 ribs! i know you can do it! why won't you help me?" "ma'am! lambs only have a dozen or so ribs! they're an animal! they look a certain way! i can't create a lamb that has 22 ribs per side! i can make you a crown roast with 22 ribs, but that is the best i can do, honestly." i have no idea why i had to add the "honestly" bit in there. i think that she thought i was just trying to keep the mutant-freak lamb all for my personal use. "**not!**" *oh, fuck, where did she pick this phrase up?* at this point, i said fuck customer service and kinda blew up. me: "it!" her:"**ack!**" me: "does!" her: **"sept!"** me: "not!" her: **"uh!"** me: "exist!" her: **"bul!"** after this little back-and-forth, she looks at me and blinks a few times, like she just awoke from a dream of dachshund/sheep hybrids cavorting in the pasture. she pats my hand and says "it's okay, honey, i'll go ask at whole foods. they *always* know what they're talking about." **epilogue:** about an hour later, the meat department phone rings. it's the butcher from whole foods, who i knew enough to nod to on the sidewalk. butcher: "hey, man, did you just have some crazy bitch in there asking about 22-rib lamb roasts?" me: "i don't know man. it's been pretty crazy here today. i mean, i field that question at least a dozen times an afternoon...did she use the word 'unacceptable!' a lot?" butcher: "fuck you! did you send this crazy bitch down here?" me: "no, i couldn't help her and she said she'd go talk to you since you are far more knowledgeable than i. how'd you handle it?" butcher: "i told her you were an idiot and then i wired two roasts together and covered the wire with bread crumbs and herbs. later loser!" \*click* **tl;dr**: a customer wants me to invent a time machine, go back to the beginning of mammals, and alter the course of evolution. **edit** you always miss one letter, don't you? this story is my uncle's as i have mentioned before, my family owns an automotive shop in hayward, ca. we are open mon-sat, sun we only do roadside assistance. road service is done by one of my uncles. one sunday my dad gets a call from a customer, he has brought a trailer to the shop, and demands that we go open the shop for him so he can have all the tires replaced. dad tells him that the shop is not open on sundays, if he wants service we will call my uncle and he will go do the job. dad explains that the cost will be the cost of the service + $75 fee. the dude bitches about the fee, asking why he should pay it if he is at the shop. explain that the shop is closed, and so we have to send the truck, this means a $75 fee. finally he agrees. now our biggest money makers are big tires (11r22.5 and bigger) and road side service, because we get tons of road side service calls...all day, everyday. this means that ever time my uncle is doing a job, he was an average of 3 more waiting. (important info for later on) so my uncle shows up at the shop, sets up outside of the shop because since the shop is closed we are not letting one in. my uncle walks into the shop to get the tires he needs then comes back out with the tires. he goes on, and does his job. charges the guy for the work it was like $475. no problem, the guy pays. customer: okay, i'm going to take this trailer back to my lot, wait here i'm going to go get another trailer. uncle: sorry, no can do. i have 3 more guys waiting, i have to get to them. customer: i called you first though uncle: you called me about this trailer, you did not mention anything about any other trailers...i have to do the jobs i have been told about in the order in which i was told about them, im not waiting here, it wont be fair to them. customer: well let me just call my friend, he will bring the trailer, it wont take long i promise. uncle: no, sorry, look if you want that job done just tell me what you need, where the trailer is, and i'll get to it when i get the time. customer: ok, i need xyz done, how much will that be i think it was something like a $500+ job so the guy is like customer: are you serious i just paid you like $400!! uncle: so, this is another job ....this is where it got weird customer: (remember, this is a dude) come on, do it for free...tell you what, if you do it for free, and do it right now. i'll suck your dick uncle: wait..what?! customer: let's go into the shop, i'll suck your dick first so you know im serious uncle got into the truck and drove away hello, tfr! my coworker was telling us a story about a table she waited on last night that i thought you might appreciate the story too. everything was going fine until she brought out the food. then, as she was walking away from the table, one man spilled his drink onto his pizza. she got everything cleaned up, got him a new drink, and had the kitchen make him a new pizza. everything is good, right? oh, we know better than that. they finished their food, and she took them their checks. well, this man was furious when he looked at his. his pizza was on his ticket! no, not the second remake. we don't charge for that. we are nice like that. he thought that his food should be free. the food he spilled the drink on. some people.i was working in a department store when an elderly couple called me over and asked me to pick up a heavy box of tiles for them. while i was lifting it they were talking about the weight of the boxes of tile. wife: "why do they make the boxes so heavy? i feel bad for the workers that have to carry them all the time." husband: "it's ok, maybe it will help him decide he wants to go to college instead of do this the rest of his life." i usually worked nights so i didn't really know how to deal with rude customers, so instead of just letting it be i responded: "i tried that. wasn't my thing. that's why i'm about to leave for bootcamp." that shut him up but i felt bad after seeing the look of sheer embarrassment on his wife's face. she apologized, and i came to find out that he was ex navy himself. that's when i realized that sometimes when a customer is being rude, the people with them are the ones that feel the worst about it.at first i thought this old lady was one of those people who can't make up their mind deliberately in order to get attention. you know those people? they um and er but never challenge anything you say because they don't want to get in trouble, just kinda... talk, for a while... even if its akward and weird talk. but anyway, that's how this lady talked until she started getting side tracked... &gt;customer: i wanted to get this on canvas, but do you know how much they wanted for it? its so expensive. even for one this size. they wanted so much for it, i was like 'my...' and they said i had to wait two weeks. and they wanted $60 for it. for a canvas this size. it took a couple of tries to get her to pay for one laminate because she didn't want to pay for two together. one was already done, one needed to be done. they were only $3 each, but she insisted on paying for one and then the other one later. she'd kept on talking this whole time about fairly uninteresting and irrelevant subjects until she had a great idea. &gt;customer: there should be a factory you can go to where you can tell them exactly what you want and they do it for you on the spot and its really cheap. &gt;me: well... &gt;customer: wouldn't that be good? &gt;me: yeah, i mean, it'd be ideal. &gt;customer: maybe [this company] should have a factory where you can go and get whatever you want. you just tell them and they do it for you right away. &gt;me: i'm sure that would be a great addition to the business. &gt;customer: i'm sure there are places on the internet you can go that i haven't been-- me: i'm sure there are. &gt;customer: --where you can do something like that. maybe you can even buy them online. i think you can, you know. &gt;me: you mean, you can buy factories online? &gt;customer: no. canvases. i'm sure there must be. but it'd just be so nice to be able to go there... and that its really cheap. me: i know what you mean. i went to a car dealership the other day and they wanted $45,000 for a car-- customer: really? me: --yeah, and i said, 'mister, i've only got $8.50 in my pocket. this would be a lot easier if it were cheaper!" customer: well, that's different.tonight i got the dreaded closing shift, which meant dealing with last second customers making messes in a rush to get their eggs or laundry detergent that they absolutely need tonight and not tomorrow morning or else how could they possibly continue living. at 8:59 pm i get a whole group of these customers consisting of a mom, dad, and three loud obnoxious kids. the mom takes her sweet time grabbing cheese and eggs and whatever else she needs as she tells her children "they can't kick us out, it's illegal. i can take as long as i need and if she(meaning me) tries to kick us out, i'll call over the gm and she'll get in trouble!" i almost laughed at that. i really wanted to be like "ma'am, i will happily call over my gm for you and then she will happily kick you out herself!" even better, as she was leaving(5 minutes after we closed) my coworker comes over and tells me that she said we could get fined for kicking her out and we'd have to pay $15,000. wish she had stayed in the store so that we could have called the police and watched her explain to them that if they kick her out they'd have to pay $15,000. i work at the counter in a department store with an exit that has an electric lock, and each time a customer needs out i must press a button to let them out. if it gets busy i end up not being able to hit the button before another customer wanting to exit reaches the door, and even though there is a sign that tells them to please wait they get angry some times. i was ringing up an elderly woman with what i could swear was at least three months worth of food in 2 buggies so both of my hands are busy, and this guy i will venture was around 40 years old goes to the door. i am in the middle of bagging some items, and i am about to tell him give me one second he whistles at me like he is calling a dog. i stop look over at him. he whistles again. i stare at this guy like he is a moron ,and to spite him i bag up a few more items with him whistling at me, and the old lady says to this guy i do not think he likes being whistled at like he is a dog. the guy then says can you open the f&amp;^%ing door. i put the bag in my hand down, and look at him. i place my hand over the door, and not pressing it i said. wait for it, wait for it, i press the button, and say go! he reaches for the door, and opens it, and i then said good boy! he stops, and says i am not a f*^#ing dog. i replied neither am i just go. he stomped off all pissed off, the old woman laughed, and i finished bagging her up. i am surprised that i was not called to the office, and fired for this. so a little background first, i used to work as a cashier for a high end, all natural/organic grocery store. we dealt with the snobbiest of the snobby as we were in a wealthy area of socal. while i was there i was playing poker full time as well, using the earnings from this job to cover me in the event of a losing night so, one day i had this customer with his cart loaded to brim with everything from cookies to vitamins. i can already tell his bill is gonna be somewhere between $800-$1200. (something easy to do in the store). immediately the guy starts being a snob, ordering me to empty his basket while he stood there on his phone texting the whole time. he had me fetch several other items for him as well, not bothering to unload while i was gone. it took me a solid 10 minutes to ring up his items and another 15 to bag it all up, as he refused to lift finger. so finally, when this all said and done his bill comes out to a little over $1300. this man had the audacity to sneer at me and say "that's it? pfft!" and proceeded to slide his card. after punching in his info, his card was declined. he looked at me like i just took a shit on his chest. he said "run it again!" so after 3 more attempts i finally ask him "do you maybe have another card you can use? this one doesn't seem to be working. " he responded with "don't take that tone with me! i make more money in a week than you do in a year! run my damn card." after several more attempts he demanded to talk to my manager, proclaiming it was my fault his card was declining. after having my manager run his card several more times to the same result he just exploded with rage calling us criminals and that he was going to boycott the store. i was so frustrated and finally had enough with this asshole and exclaimed "watch this!" i took out my debit card ran it through the machine, typed in my pin and to his shock it went through. "he started stammering in shock. i can only imagine what was going through his mind that this "lowly cashier" was able to buy his groceries no problem. he promptly left the store and never came back. needless to say my manager was shocked, and i got a refund on all the groceries. fuck people for looking down their noses at cashiers. edit 1: after reading some of the comments i decided to clarify. the customer did not leave with the groceries, he promptly exited the store, i got my refund, and the items were returned to their shelves. edit 2: spelling/grammar (may have missed something)hello :) my first post! working a big typical retail store, food/clothes ect. today i get put on the returns desk. angry lady (who i'll greentext for comes in) &gt; hello, i'd like to return this bra ''no problem, do you have your receipt?'' &gt; no why do you ask? ''it's just easier to return with a receipt, did you pay via card?'' (i mean what! she was at least 40, she should have known by now what a receipt was for) &gt;yes, i did. ''okay, well i should be able to look up the purchase'' start trying to look up the purchase, and get nothing ''ma'am i can't find your purchase here, i'm sorry i can't refund you'' &gt; well that is ridiculous ''sorry, company rules'' &gt; i bought it yesterday you should be able to find that. ''it's not coming up on here'' &gt; i bought it yesterday i can even remember which shop i got it at ''did you get it at one of our shops?'' &gt;no i got it at (names a shop down the road, no even part of this place) ''ma'am that shop has nothing to do with ours, you'd have to go there for a refund'' &gt;why are you being so unhelpful you stock the exact same bras! ''well yes, but company policy doesn't work like that'' &gt;i am done talking to you, get me a manger right now. after complaining to a manager about how unhelpful i was, manager finally asks her what the problem is &gt;i bought this bra only yesterday at ____ down the road, and that child won't refund it for me! manager then explains we don't take other shops returns. woman finally storms out, saying loudly about how unhelpful we all were. so i work in a popular chain cafe and yesterday morning i was working my way through the "early morning businessmen" rush by myself. a middle aged couple looking quite smart in business suits came up to the till and the wife ordered a coffee and a pastry and i turned to the husband to take his order. he asked quite politely whether there was any almond croissants. we display all our cakes and pastries in a display case next to the till and there was clearly no almond croissants at all. so i told him there wasn't any but i could offer him an alternative. "well.. your menu says there's some.." he grumbled, but i just played along and apologised again telling him there's nothing i can do. i asked him if he wanted a different pastry or a coffee and he just spun around and stormed over and sat down at a table on the opposite side of the cafe in a strop. no joke.. like a child.. ths grown man pouted and crossed his arms and sat sulking in his chair. so i turned to his wife and asked if there was any other drinks as the man hadn't ordered one. she looked so embarrassed i felt so sorry for her. and she turned and half-shouted across the cafe to her husband asking what drink he wanted. and he looked up and huffed and puffed and shouted "well.. i don't even know if i want a coffee now." and went back to having a tantrum! there was a bit of a queue piling up behind the wife now and they all just looked at him like.. are you serious?! so i just made the wife's drink and she went and sat down embarrassed next to her husband. bonus.. the man next to them in queue, who didn't look as if he was associated with them at all, went and sat down with them. the sulking man then proceeded to take out his laptop and give a business pitch to the other man.. who was his client! the guy had had a tantrum in front of his wife and a client!i make the rotisserie chickens at a major grocery store chain and today a woman came up to me and said "i bought one of these here yesterday and one of the wings was missing." which. fine. it's a mistake that happens sometimes. i was off yesterday so it wasn't my fault, but that's not the point. i'm about to apologize for that inconvenience, etc., but then she adds "don't you know how to do your job? why was the wing missing?" and it was a horrible rude tone so i said "we don't discriminate against the physically handicapped." she eventually complained and i was scolded. i hate this job i work at a chain corner store slash retail pharmacy, usually working checkout in the front. yesterday i was only an hour into my shift when i saw a young boy walk in, maybe 4 or 5, and head right to the candy isle. i didn't see his parents walk in, so i kept an eye on him while he did his candy hunting. after about 10 minutes, he came up to my register and set down 4 pieces of candy and asked me how much it all was. i rang it up and it was about $5.50 but he only had $4 in quarters. i told him this and he looked a little discouraged, and went back to find some different candy. another 5 minutes passes and he comes back up with some smaller but cheaper candy and asked me to ring it up again. this time it was ~$4.50 and i gave him some of my pocket change so he could keep the candy. as the receipt was printing i asked him where his parents were. he gave me the biggest and toothiest smile and said; "mommy says i'm a big boy now! i can get my own candy." then he ran to the exit with this bag full of candy. i decided to follow him because a) it wasn't busy and b) because i assumed he had walked from home to the store, or something similar. turns out his mother was waiting right outside and had been watching our exchange the whole time. the mom sent the boy to her van and told me she was trying to teach him to be more independent. i guess giving him some autonomy to buy his own candy was a start. i went back to the register with a smile on my face for the rest of the day because i can only imagine how good that candy must have tasted when you pick it out yourself and pay with your own money. sometimes it's the little things.i work at a museum in a touristy seaside town. we also feature a tower which is climbable and which looks quite lovely at night. we have nice grounds and gardens and often host weddings or other events after hours (we close at 7pm). one night i'm working a wedding. it's about 8:30pm. the music is thumping and the guests are politely smashed. because we have to keep the front door unlocked so guests of the wedding can come and go, we have a sign on the door saying we are closed for a private event. a family of four appear at the door: a woman, her mother, and her two teenaged children. they stand at the door and read the sign, then open the door and come into the lobby. woman: "are you open?" me: "no, i'm afraid we're closed for a wedding." i tell her when we will be open tomorrow. woman: "we're leaving town tomorrow. can we still climb the tower?" this logic does nothing for me. we're open from 9am to 7pm. you couldn't have found time during the day to stop by then? also, no, you can't climb the tower because it's locked at its usual 7pm time, regardless of any event on the grounds. me: "i'm sorry but there is nothing i can do. the grounds are for the private event." woman: "but i brought my mother all the way up the hill to climb the tower. you're telling me she can't climb?" again, this does nothing. if we didn't have a wedding going on, we would not only still be closed, but the front doors would be locked, the lights would be out, and i wouldn't be there for you to argue with. and i'm not going to feel sorry for your mother for climbing the hill if she was prepared to climb the tower as well. i ask her to please leave. basically, if she tries to go any further, they would technically be crashing the wedding and i can't imagine the wedding party would be pleased we let them through. woman: "well let's at least take some pictures." they go up to the door leading out to the grounds and the tower (the opposite direction of the exit). woman: "can we go outside to take photos?" me: "i'm sorry, but i can't allow that. there. is. a. private. event. going. on." they stand at the doors and try to take photos through the glass. their flash photography makes the photos too washed out with the light bouncing off the glass. they grumble about how bad their photos are coming out. just then, a wedding guest comes through the door to ask where the bathroom is. the woman says "go! go!" and she and her family take the opportunity of the open door to hurry outside towards the wedding. now, i'm small, but i work with children during the off-season and i can have an authoritative voice when i want to. i go to the door and shout to the family: "excuse me!" they turn and look back at me. me: "there is a private event going on. i'm going to have to ask you to leave." they finally get the idea. they grumble some more, but at least they have their precious photographs, and they finally leave. **tl/dr: family doesn't understand that being closed for a private event still means we're closed. deal with it.**ok, so my latest tale was well received ( and so i thought i might share my favorite moment in the long and multifaceted job history that is mine. and it stars a decently famous person to boot... when i was ten, i had the fortunate experience to begin work at a semi well known theater in waterford, ct where many a star and playwright began their careers. this is a place that holds a coveted playwrights conference each year during the summer where many promising writers compete to have their best work fine tuned into masterpieces. the pieces are given to promising young actors who work the plays each night, script in hand (rife with changes), in front of live audiences....bare props, simple sets....just the work. each morning mentor directors and scriptwriters work with the playwright to interpret audience reactions and tweak the scripts till they shine. it's a fun, spontaneous place to work. fortunately, my mother worked in the small print shop and after a few weeks of hanging around the theaters, i was give a job as an usher. it was an unpaid gig but it guaranteed entry and killer seats to any and all the plays during the season...and as a kid who loved theater, it was better than money. i worked there from the age of ten till i graduated high school and loved every minute. i have a hundred stories from those summer nights but one stands out from the rest... two summers in, there came a time when our awesome stage manager had to quit for another gig. being the most senior of the present ushers and mature for my age, the managers of the theater asked if i would step in for a night or two while they filled the position..two days become a week and a week became a month and i was doing a really good job. but my hopes of keeping the gig were dashed when they filled the position with the mother of all insecure, power-heady bitches. she hated me from the moment she realized that a twelve year old had essentially been doing her job...and she made sure to remind me of my place whenever possible. often, after saving myself a seat with my jacket, i would find it moved as the lights turned down for the performance. her excuse? only legitimate customers should have decent seats despite our unpaid status. soon i could only hope to get a middle orchestra seat if i stealthily did it when she wasn't looking. the hate was becoming seriously mutual and i had begun to think of quitting. but i had to wait till the end of the month because i wanted to see one play in particular...a musical version of fahrenheit 451. besides being one of my favorite books, i had been watching the rehearsals for weeks and the score was amazing. it had two of my friends in it and it was rumored that the playwright had even invited ray bradbury to come to opening night....and he had accepted! i wasn't going to miss it for anything. that night turned out to have one of the harshest thunderstorms of the summer for ct. it was pouring and the wind was fierce. i had been extra careful reserving a seat for myself...or at least i thought i had. and it was a half hour from curtain. suddenly my bitch manager appeared out of nowhere and demanded i go to the mansion to tell mr. bradbury's agent that it was time to get seated. now let me explain "the mansion". this theater was built on the grounds of an old estate in waterford. it had several amphitheaters and the main stage was in a converted barn where tonight's performance was. about a quarter of a mile across the estate lay the mansion that housed the theater offices, lounges, and the cafeteria. she essentially wanted me to run a quarter of a mile in the pouring rain to ask a guest to come down...despite the fact that there were phones. when i tried to argue, she threatened my position. i was pissed but i began to run. i show up breathless at the lounge in the mansion to see a piggish man finishing the vestiges of a huge meal. he hardly acknowledges me when i speak to him and then tells me that i'm "dismissed"! by this point i'm getting way too pissed to even speak so i run back to the barn sopping wet. it's almost curtain time and as soon as i hit the barn, i scan for my jacket and my seat...only to find them moved to the back railing. it's now standing room only (which we allowed with our informal nature) and i'm done. completely. i look around and see my manager speaking to a grey haired gentleman in the front row. i quickly walk to where they are standing and my presence naturally draws their attention. i tell my manager that i've done what she's asked and i'm going home. she actually smirks and walks away! turning around to leave the gentleman says"aren't you staying for the play? it's supposed to be wonderful." i sigh and without thinking, i tell him that i've just had the worst night ever, lost my seat to an ungrateful boss, gotten sopping wet tracking down an ego case at the mansion, and that even though i was looking forward to it...well, it's obvious that its time to go home. he suddenly says "i'm so sorry! my agent really is a self righteous ass, isn't he?" that's when i realize who i'm talking to...mr. bradbury...himself! between the self pity and him being a lot older than pics i'd seen of him, i hadn't even recognized him! i begin to apologize profusely for being so candid but he won't hear any of it...instead he starts looking around and motioning for my bitch manager to come over. mr. bradbury (suddenly all business): "this young lady is sitting with me this evening...i will need a towel and another seat right here in the aisle." bitchy manager: "but sir, she can't sit here...it breaks fire codes and besides... she's an u..usher!" mr. bradbury: "i don't give a crap about fire codes...she's sitting here or i'm not staying! now get her a towel and a chair!" she looks at me. i look at her. i smile a smile three miles wide. she sighs and slinks off! she ever so humbly returns with the requested items but this time can't make eye contact. i beam. mr bradbury, gesturing to a seat dead front and center: "my lady, shall we enjoy the show?" i didn't walk....i floated. and that, my friends, is how i got to spend an evening watching the coolest musical ever, sitting right next to mr ray bradbury, discussing with him the finer points of the musical during intermission, and chuckling about how annoying his agent and my boss could be. after that night, my manager basically gave up being rude to me. she didn't last long after that and i went on to spend many a wonderful summers there! gas station worker here. we had some crazies coming to our store but this became one of our top 3. a lady came in and paid $20 for the gas. after 5 or 10 minutes later, the lady came back inside furiously. &gt;lady: **hey!** excuse me! &gt;me: *helping out other customers*, yes? &gt;lady: what are you doing? pump my gas!! &gt;me: is there anything wrong with the pump? the lady just ignored me and left the store. &gt;me/coworker: ??? we were kind of confused why i had to go pump this lady's gas. the pump wasn't jammed or had any problem (pump's status is shown on our register screen). also, our gas station is a self-serve and customers consistently came in so none of us had time to go outside. after few more minutes, the lady came back. &gt;lady: **heeeeeey!!!** did you hear me? pump my gas!!! then she left again. a moment later, we hear honking outside. this lady was just repeatedly honking in her car looking straight us. &gt;coworker: dude, you should go check it out... damn right. so i went outside to check what's going on and apparently this lady just wanted me to pump her gas. she kept looking at me with a straight face the whole time while i was pumping the gas. it was one of the most awkward moment in my life. &gt;lady: you know this is s*** service. right? &gt;me: .... ok.... after pumping the gas, i came back to the store. about 5 minutes later, this lady came back again. &gt;lady: refund. &gt;me: .......... excuse me? &gt;lady: i want a refund for this c*** service. &gt;me: um.... no. gasoline is already in the tank. the lady starts rampaging about this "c*** service" and started to yell at us. &gt;coworker: you want to call the police? i will call police right now. &gt;lady: just give refund my money. &gt;coworker: nope. i'm calling the police right now. then the lady just left the store, flipping a finger at both of us. the craziest part is that this lady didn't seem to be drunk or under drug influence. this experience made me really question how these people can function within society. edit: i just wanted to clarify some things.... we are located in ca. i never lived outside ca so i didn't know self-serve is illegal in some states. this lady was not disabled. maybe mentally, but not physically. "you gave up" - well. just think about my situation. customers consistently coming in, just me and my coworker on registers, crazy lady honking outside yelling at us. i could have refused further service to her but i'm pretty damn sure it would have made things worse.this happened today at the bakery/coffee shop i work at. i was at the coffee machine and had a small line of people waiting for their coffees when a woman comes up to the store and proceeds to attach her dogs leash to the handle on our front door. the dog was barking a lot and she started to walk in. i'll be "me" and she will be "dl" for dog lady. me: i'm sorry ma'am you can't tether your dog to the front door. there's an area over to the left where people often tether their dogs. dl: no she needs to be right by the door so she can see me the whole time or she gets upset. me: i'm sorry but people can't get in or out if your dog is there. dl: fine i'll go somewhere else then. mind you, the place where you can tether your dog is still visible from inside the store. it was just so strange to me that someone would try and tie their dog to the handle of the front door that people need to use to get in and out. did she not think people would try and exit and hit her dog with the door? it was like any day at the restaurant with orders being places, customers, patiently waiting for their orders, etc. i was at the cash register and just helped a lady complete a credit card transaction. the day continued. later she called and asked if we had taken her credit card. i tell her no because i physically handed her her card and watched as she put it in her purse. she then accused me of lying and stealing her credit card in an attempt to steal her money. i told her to check her purse. she didn't want to listen and threatened to call the police. i told her to go right ahead. the police never came but she returned. she came crashing through the doors raging like a wild animal. the other customers were suddenly interested in that we had somehow turned into a zoo. she is shouting, ranting, threatening, and slandering, and so on and so forth about me and the restaurant. i couldn't calm her down but decided to try. i told her that i can magically make her card appear in her purse. she laughed and called me an idiot. in response i just said to check her purse. she scoffed, dumped out the contents of her purse and lo and behold, the card fell out. i didn't say anything and neither did she. she, however, gave me one last insult and ran out the door. the whole restaurant erupted in laughter which for a time, gave everyone something to remember on a rainy monday.i work at a very well-known retail chain on the front-end. i was working an evening shift during the week when the girl working customer service gets a call from the electronics department. she flags me over frantically. &gt;girl: apparently there's a man coming up with a tv in his cart that he didn't pay for, it still has the spider wire on it so we think he's going to steal it! oh, perfect. i quickly walk to the front doors and see a man bee-lining it to the front through the fashion department. only a little suspicious. i stand in front of the doors to meet him when he arrives. &gt;me: can i see your receipt for that tv, sir? &gt;him: oh...uh. my wife has it, she's back in electronics. &gt;me: oh, okay! no problem. we'll wait for her. &gt;him: uhh...okay. he actually doesn't move, to my amazement. time passes. &gt;me: it's weird how they didn't remove the spider wire, huh? they normally do when you... *buy it*. &gt;him: yeah, i thought that was weird too. ...she has the receipt with her, you know! &gt;me: yes, i know! we're just waiting. another ten seconds pass. &gt;him: i'm going to let her know she has to bring the receipt up. he leaves the cart and walks out the front door. i bring the tv over to customer service, being sure to let the girl working know that he'll be back with his receipt. we saved about $1500 with that one!so i have the (mis)fortune of working as a cashier at a certain store that loves (edit; removed color). i'm sleep deprived, but i'm trying my best to make sure everyone that goes through my till is happier by the end of their transaction. all of a sudden, everything goes so terribly wrong. from the moment this middle-aged woman opened her mouth, an ocean of despair loomed over me - something was just *wrong* about this lady. hoping for the best, i begun ringing her through. we make small talk more so in an effort to keep myself awake, and not zone out. everything is going as well as it could. &gt;me: "alrighty, grand total is going to come out to be... $48.34, please!" &gt;lady: "okay. that'll be debit, please." all of a sudden, the dreaded math goblins^tm steal any sense of logical thought from this woman. &gt;lady: "wait that's not right." &gt;me: "what's not right? did something ring up as more than it should? would you like a print-out slip of what every item came up as?" &gt;lady: "yes, that would be good. it's too much." fallible as any human, i sometimes scan an item twice and give the benefit of doubt to this woman. the slip prints out and the truth was revealed: as usual, the customer was wrong. i showed this slip and all its prices to the woman, thinking that would be enough. &gt;lady: "that's not right. it's too much." &gt;me: "i'm sorry, but did something ring in at too much? did something not come up at its sale price?" &gt;lady: "no it's too much still." at this point i'm getting frustrated. i'm the only one on a till at this end of the store and the horde of customers is only growing in size (and impatience!). in a last-ditch effort, i ask her a question. &gt;me: "is it not added up correctly?" &gt;lady: "yes, i think that's the issue." we have *never* had an issue with our tills not adding up a total. i pull out a calculator and offer to add up everything on the slip to confirm it's correct. &gt;me: "okay, i'm going to add everything up here. if at any point i'm not entering a number in correctly, stop me." &gt;lady: "yes, thank you." every number is entered, and voila, the total is unsurprisingly unchanged. &gt;me: "the total is correct. do you still want everything?" &gt;lady: "yes i want everything but it's still too high." &gt;me: "is there anything wrong with the prices of the items, or taxes being added?" &gt;lady: "no." &gt;me: "i don't really see the issue here, ma'am." &gt;lady: "it's just too high." &gt;me: "i'm sorry but this is how addition and taxes work." &gt;lady: "that's stupid. it shouldn't be that way." &gt;me: "i apologize that i have no control over how numbers work." she pays, grumbles, and walks off. i hate my job.looking back, i realize how fucked up this was but at the time, i was just trying to earn a living being a broke college student. just a warning, this is long and a bit gross biologically-wise. i was working at a fast food restaurant and had been there for over a year. it was a pretty strict, clockwork method place and although there was no love or compassion there, it gave me 40 hours. even though it was nice money, i wanted to quit for a while, just never had a reason or an alternative route to go to. until one night… i was a closer. basically a shitty shift but the only thing a full time college student can do. store would close at 11pm and i’d be out around 11:30. it’s around 10 pm and i’m doing pre-close, minding my own business, when the manager on that we will call a asked me to go clean the bathrooms. i said sure, why not, something i was used to doing. i go into the women’s bathroom and open up the first stall to find it stuff with toilet paper. now, i’ve seen worse so i just shrug and flush. we had some pretty intense toilets so i figured it would go down. (this is about to get gross and disturbing, turn back now if you don’t want to know!) it didn’t. instead the toilet paper rolled and revealed a massive amount of blood. like, a crazy amount of clotted and unclotted blood. being an 18-year-old female i knew that this was way too much blood for a menstrual cycle. my mind going blank, i tried to flush it again when i noticed…pieces. i looked a little closer and realize i was looking at a super tiny hand. like the littlest hand i’ve ever seen. this was when it hit me that this was something i didn’t want to see. i hightailed my ass out of there and went to the manager. “a, there is something in the bathroom…i can’t be in there, you have to call the gm.” now, the gm of the store was a mega bitch but i figured you kind of have to be a mega bitch to work in a huge corporation like she did. we will call her s. a on the other hand is the same age as me, having had started working at the store when he was 16 and made his way up to manager. he was a nice guy and someone i considered a friend. i didn’t realize until a told me to come to back to the break room that i was near tears. subconsciously i probably realized that what was in the toilet was what it was but it hadn’t quite hit reality yet. “ok, under, what is in there so i can call s.” a says as he is trying to calm me down. “i walked in and there was lots of blood and bits and pieces and….” i begin to have to wipe tears from my eyes and i’m still not sure why but i felt stupid for doing it at the time. he calls the gm while i compose myself in the break room. he comes back a few minutes late and sighs really loudly. “s said there isn’t anything we can do but flush it.” i blankly stared at him and was waiting for him to tell me to leave it be till the cleaning crew got there in an hour. he then tells me that i need to go back and flush it. i tried to explain i couldn’t do it and he handed me a box of the cheap blue gloves we used to handle food and walked away. i then learned two things: this job sucked ass and a was not my friend. my other two co-workers just stared at me as i walked through the kitchen to the bathrooms. i kept randomly crying and couldn’t figure out why. a was ever so kind enough to put a “closed for cleaning” sign up on the door. i walked back in and once again saw this little hand and immediately walked out. i went back to the counter and a asked if it was gone. i asked if i could please use one of the heavy maintenance gloves. he said no. i then pleaded for him to send someone else to do it. my male coworker piped up from the back and said he would do it but a told me to go back and just get it over with. i flushed, and flushed and eventually the toilet paper mass must have broken up for it finally went down the drain. i’m really not sure how long it took but it felt like and enternity. i stayed silent the rest of the night and the next morning when i woke up i knew that it was the final straw. i called work, told the gm i was done and wasn’t coming in that night to close. she asked why and i told her after last night i couldn’t face that place. she informed me that if i quit without a two-week notice i would be banned from working at any of the stores that bared that name. i was ok with that. to receive my last paycheck i’d have to turn in my uniform and give a written notice why i quit. i walked in during supper rush and s, the gm, handed me the paper to write. i wrote “i’m quitting because i was forced to flush a late term miscarriage down the toilet.” s tore it up and handed me another paper and told me to rewrite it. i wrote the same thing. she told me to stop being silly and i loudly asked why it was wrong to write that they made me flush the miscarriage down the toilet. yes i did it in front of a crowd and no i didn’t really care. she was so embarrassed that she handed me my paycheck and walked away. i haven’t been back there since. i still don’t really understand why i was so upset. i lived on a small farm as a child and was raised around hunters. i saw death and butchering all the time. i guess just seeing something unfamiliar in a very familiar place was just nerve wracking. i now know that it was a pretty late term miscarriage (maybe a home abortion but i try not to think like that), probably around 17 to 18 weeks. i’m guessing that the person was pretty scared and didn’t know what to do and just left. i like to tell myself she didn’t mean to leave it behind and make me deal with it. either way, it was a pretty bad time. tl/dr: college job made me flush a late term miscarriage down the toilet. 0/10 would not do again. edit: i just got back from my day-long prenatal class and really wasn't expecting this response. i'm going to try and answer as many questions as i can. one recurring question i've noticed is why did i do it to begin with. i was scared, this was my first job, and my mind kind of shut down. the other questions is if a knew it was a miscarriage. i made him well aware that it was and i kept telling him about the tiny hand. i left out in detail how i became a bit hysterical when i came back from my first visit. lastly, i would really love to tell everyone the corporation's name but i don't want to be banned from this subreddit :( it's my absolutely favorite place to vent. i know that this has a struck a huge cord with a lot of people and that some would like to boycott. i can't say that this would be the choice for all of the stores in this franchise and don't want people to presume the actions of one store reflects the whole company as a whole. i think the reason why they made me flush it was the store was relatively new and had yet to even make a profit. the idea of a scandal probably scared the gm. i think its too late to report it now as it has been nearly 5 years. thank you all for the messages and the concerns and i'll get back to you folks later tonight. yesterday before my shift, i noticed it was pretty dead so i approached the register and made idle smalltalk with my co-worker. she was pretty much done cleaning up my station and we were just talking about how gross the pastries in our display start looking (calorie/sugar content wise) after you've worked there for a while. so we're talking for a few minutes. not long at all before an older woman, who had been seated at the bar by our espresso just staring at us, started almost screaming out, "excuse me. excuse. me! hey!" my co-worker, who we'll call "sunny", turned and walked over to her and asked her, "how can i help you today?" the woman stared at her for a few moments before saying, "are you done talking and ready to take my order? i'd really hate to inconvenience *you*." sunny handled it pretty well and explained to the lady that to make a to-go order she would need to approach the register and that we don't take those orders from seated customers; especially customers who already have bagged up food from whatever they ate dining in. which, the lady did have several to-go boxes already with her. the lady made a huge deal of getting up and walking over to the register. i decided to clock in while she waddled over to us. while i was punching in my number and tying my apron she just stood at the register i was at and stared at me. i directed her to the open register and she just stayed where she was. i then explained that i wasn't on the clock and sunny will be more than happy to help her. she rolled her eyes and barked out, "mushroom soup." i rolled my eyes and asked, "medium or large?" "large." sunny went to the back to make it and i clocked in and rung it up for her. the lady kind of wandered over to our display and looked at it for a while. she came back to my register (i was standing at the open register this time) and just stood there. i was still in a pretty decent mood, despite how short and abnormally rude she was being. so i remained casual and waited for her order. she finally says, "you need to take your hand out of your pocket." this is a terrible habit of mine. i always keep my left hand in my pocket and ring people up with my right. now, because i don't handle food without gloves on... no one ever says anything about it. but i had the strong feeling that this wasn't really a big deal to her. at this point, something i did or said when i walked in the door made her hate me. i don't know what it was... but it was something. i took my hand out of my pocket and raised my eyebrows in a, ''kay, let's get this show on the road so you can gtfo' kind of manner and she proceeded to say, "i want one creme brulee." we have three different kinds of creme brulee. i asked if she wanted the one with sprinkles, berries, or vanilla. she just rolled her eyes and said, "the creme brulee! duh!" so i just gave her whatever was in the back of the 'throw out in an hour' slightly smashed up against a metal rail in the cooler creme brulee and packaged her soup before ringing her up. she placed her money directly on the counter in front of my register where i couldn't reach it. so i had to come around to the front and pick it up and take it back to my till where i finished the transaction and put the money back on the counter and slid it over to her. she took it, pocketed it, and grabbed her bag. then she said, "can i have your name?" out of curiosity i just had to ask... "why? what have i done wrong besides put my hand in my pocket?" she then looked at me with this look of pure hatred that i can't explain and said, "this isn't your goddamn social hour. you come here to work. not talk about how gross your food is, not to flaunt off how skinny you are, and not to show off your political views. this. is. work. remember that when corporate fires you and you have to find a job at some other restaurant." i was shocked. sure, my co-worker and i discussed the calorie count in our desserts. but my political views? so, being bold again i asked, "i'm sorry, i understand that i did in fact make comments about the calorie count in our desserts. and i'm truly sorry if it offended you. though, i'm just curious as to when i stated my political views." she then said, "i saw that nra sticker on the back of your truck when you pulled in. you represent this company, and now i'm never eating here again. in fact, you're pretty mouthy. go get your manager." the nra sticker on the back of my *husband's* truck. but fine, whatever. i got my manager who explained to her that a tiny, almost invisible round sticker with the letters 'nra' on it was not grounds to get me fired. neither was discussing the calories in an item. and that her behavior was inappropriate and turning into harassment and that he would appreciate it if she left. the rest of the night was fine. but damn. i think she just didn't like me. i get a call on the floor phone last night about 45 minutes before close: "you got to get out here, there's a customer in video that's real upset" i respond, "get jeff, he's the video manager!?" "that's the problem, jeff's the one the customer is upset with!" by the time i get out to the video department there is a small crowd. the customer proceeds to read me the riot act about my rude employees who are disrespectful and unwilling to make a deal. after he storms off, i learned why he was so upset. he had demanded that jeff lower the price on a tv. jeff's a bit of a smart-ass, and after a long day of retail, he responded with his own special brand of sarcasm. he took the price-tag off the front of the tv, set it on the ground and asked the customer: "there you go sir, is that low enough for you?" i'm a cashier at a home improvement store. i was in the garden booths ringing people out. we give veterans 10% military discount. for about a week we've had a sale on mulch which was 4 for $10. $2.50 each bag. it is already at its lowest selling price. so i get an older gentleman and he shows me his military id. okay, cool. but wait a second... all he's buying is 4 bags of mulch... the discount won't work with it. i explain to him why the discount won't work and he says "what's the point of being a veteran?" yes, sir.... you did what you did to get discounts at a home improvement store.... edit: a word stupid customers. i'm the manager at a sex toy/porn store. you think working at a porno store would be a fun job, it isn't. so yesterday some crazy lady comes in and starts yelling at me for selling sex toys "i bet your parents are real proud of you!", rabble rabble rabble. i tell crazy lady, if she needs any help she needs to tell me. she pulls out a black dildo from her purse. she slams it down on the counter and screams she wants a refund, as she caught her daughter using it. i stare at her, and tell her we do not accept returns without a receipt and we do not accept returns of used dildos. i calmly tell her to take it off my counter as i don't know where that's been. crazy lady starts yelling that i am going to burn in hell, and she wants her money back. again i calmly explain i can not accept this item. crazy lady goes on a rant about how evil and sad i am for selling these items. "well, that's all fine and dandy but i don't really give a damn. either buy something or get out as i am not accepting this item", i explained as nicely as possible. crazy lady goes up in arms and starts waving the dildo in my face "i want to speak to the manager!", i smile "ma'am, i am the manager", she gets red in the face and then screams she wants to talk to the owner. "ma'am, the owner is a busy man and can't always be here. i don't think you would like to see him mad. i am sorry ma'am, but, i can not accept a used dildo". crazy lady gets mad and throws the dildo at my face and then spits on me. "god will strike you dead. you are a corrupter. you have defiled my daughter by selling her this tool of the devil. i shall not leave until i have a refund". i shake my head, no more being nice. i politely tell her to get the hell out of my store before i call police. we have a very clear no soliciting rule. crazy lady stutters and thinks i'm bluffing. i'm not, i pick up the phone and prepare to call. crazy lady runs out the store and thats last i see of her. whats worse is today was supposed to be my day off. i only came in because my asst-manager and other worker decided to "conveniently" call in sick today, leaving me as the only one working today. so hopefully i'm okay to post this here, it just happened and i know i've definitely been there in the past so i thought i'd share. i just woke up, rolled over to give my boyfriend a cuddle and he, still asleep, says &gt; "that's £1.21 please." followed by &gt; "could you leave the store now please?" i couldn't help but laugh, although in my dreams i find myself swearing at customers and telling them to gtfo rather than actually serving them... edit: formattingso, i work as a cashier at a big box store that shall remain nameless. i'm planning on leaving at the end of the month (would have left by now, but i at least wanted to give them two weeks notice so they won't be short staffed at christmas), so let's just say i put up with a lot less rudeness from customers than before. i'm still polite and try my best to give good customer service, but if a customer's giving me shit, i'll give it right back. today was a perfect example of this. i'm ringing up a well dressed older woman. she seemed nice at first and was buying a lot of christmas decorations. i was making small talk with her and mentioned how this was my first christmas living with my boyfriend and how excited i was to decorate our apartment. this was when shit hit the fan. she asked in a cold tone if i meant husband. i said no, we're engaged but not married yet. suddenly she went on a tirade about how we're living in "sin" because we're living together but not married. i notice that every customer in earshot is staring and feel myself getting flushed. after about a minute of this i'd had enough. i voided her transaction and said "i don't get paid enough to stand here and get insulted like this. i'm refusing you service. go to customer service and pay there because i'm done." she started to sputter "how dare you talk to me like that? call your manager right now! i'll have you fired!" i couldn't help but smile. "i'm planning on quitting anyway, so i really don't care. actually, if i get fired i can leave early so you'd be doing me a favor." she could tell i was serious and that her threat fell on deaf ears, so she stomped off to customer service screaming about what a whore i am (nice!). i was shaking with adrenaline and rage for the next couple of minutes, but the other customers in my line reassured me i was in the right and she was a nutcase. but man did it feel good to be able to stand up for myself!i used to work at a grocery store. one day i was stocking shelves and started to work up a sweat so i took my jacket off and hung it over the handle of the cart i had with me. so i'm working, and after a bit i see this lady approach me out of the corner of my eye. she hasn't said anything so i figure she was needing something from the shelf i was working on. i turn to look at her. me: can i help you with anything? that's when i notice that she wasn't waiting for my help, but was standing there with my jacket held up in front of her, inspecting it. customer: is this for sale? this struck me as odd because we didn't sell any clothing, just food. me: oh, that's mine. i laughed and held out my hand, but she ignored me entirely and continued to inspect my jacket. she turned it this way and that, and looked at the size tag. c: how much is it? me: it's my jacket. it's not for- c: oh i don't know if it will fit. dumfounded, and frustrated that she isn't listening to me, i watch in horror as she goes to try my jacket on when she's easily twice my size. she gets an arm partway in and is struggling to make it stretch to put her other arm in. and what do i do? i step around her and strip my jacket off of her. she tries to hold onto it and i jerk it out of her hands. c (appalled): im going to buy that! me: mam this is my jacket. a sudden wave of understanding finally floods her face. she says: oh. and then simply walks away. wtf.so my last day at my retail job was a few weeks ago. i gave my manager my two weeks prior and on my last day i thought i'd take a look at the schedule to see who'd be in instead of me the next day. huh. i'm scheduled to come in tomorrow. that's not right... so i call the guy who writes the schedules (not the manager, they're different) and ask if the manager told him today was my last day. "oh shit, really? no he didn't tell me anything. don't worry about it though." "i saw him write it down!" so it turns out that not only did the manager not tell the guy that writes the schedule that day was my last day. he didn't tell *anyone* it was my last day. and then waits until the end of the day to *tell* someone to call in another employee to cover the shift of the job i no longer hold. i honestly don't know how that place makes money with such an idiot manager running things. for this story, the parts are as so: m: me, a poor unsuspecting worker s: customer d: destructor the manager so i was just picking up my photo lab and doing my normal boring duties when i see an order for 1300+ pictures come through on the screen. rare, but not unheard of. i work in a fairly well-off city so people have that kind of money. at least until i saw they came from one of my kiosks customers use at the store and not from the website. red flag. the photos started coming out when up walks a young lady that just oozed "snob." now, i'm not one to judge based on looks but you know the type. anyways, she waits while i help the person in front of her and by then, the printer has gotten out about 100 photos. the conversation goes: m: "how can i help you today?" s: "well i just put in an order and it's kinda all the pics on my phone." m: "that's fine miss. we can handle large orders. it most certainly won't be done by the time printed on your reciept though, i'm afraid." s: "that's fine. i wasn't going to look through them til tomorrow anyways." red. flag. m: "look through them?" s: "yeah i don't have a lot of time to waste so i printed them all and i'll just pick the ones i want tomorrow." i immediately turned around, stopped my printer (which was about 300+ pictures in), and glared at her. m: "i'm sorry but that's not how this works miss." s: "what do you mean?! what's the big deal?!" m: "the paper. the ink. the electricity. the cost of work. it's not free. even if you took a third of those photos, my lab would still be out of close to $200 in supplies alone." s: "i don't care how much your company would lose! i don't have the time to waste looking through all my pics tonight!" i feel a disturbance in the force. other employees scatter from the backroom. the dragon blasts open the door and breathes fire on all who oppose her. destructor has risen again. this 400lb lesbian woman is not to be trifled with. she has been in personnel, seperated from my lab by one wall. she has heard enough. she stomps over behind the counter and leans on it. d: "miss, i have heard the entire discussion you've been having with my employee. while our company believes in customers always coming first, i can not and will not allow you to use our services in the way you want." s: "this is rediculous! why do you even care how much company money i waste?! god!" m: "this company pays our bills miss." destructor glared at me. i knew better than to jump in when she's trying to handle a situation. i scooted out of her line of sight so i didn't explode. destructor fixes her glare back on the snob. m: "miss, you have to understand why we can't allow you to print over 1,300 photos and only take a fraction." s: "i want to speak to your store manager now!" d: "it is 8:30 at night. he left 4 hours ago." s: "well i want to speak to someone more competant than you or your stupid employee!" destructor has had enough. she can deal with slurs, insults to her weight, almost anything. she does not do well with insulting employees she respects. d: "miss, your pictures will not be printed tonight nor ever. you clearly have no respect for people that make your life easier so we have no business with you." over the huffs and puffs and stomping and whining and insults the customer aimed at us, i hear destructor say the words i knew were coming from the start: "cancel the order and shred whatever already printed." this did not please snob. she began hysterically yelling and pounding the counter. s: "this will not end well for either of you! i'll see to it you both are fired after you personally print my pictures for free!!" d: "you have a wonderful night miss. you may print pictures here again when you have some respect for my employee." as she turns around and walks away with the classic "no wonder you morons work here" line, all her ears are met with is the sound of my single-sheet shredder slowly but surely ridding of the things she cherished most. and that, my fellow retailers, is one of the many times destructor has been awoken by terrible attitudes. all i could do was smile as she wobbled her way back to her lair.  this happened about 6 years ago, and we had a guy come in wearing a long trench coat. first off this odd attire made security follow him, and he walks around the store looking at stuff, and does not buy anything. the woman greeting at the door she was a very nice woman, and everyone in the store loved her. she tells the guy to have a nice day as he walks past her. the man stops, and turns around pulls open the jacket. she quickly throws her reading glasses on, and loudly says "oh how cute, but sweetheart i've seen bigger on a puppy." (she, and her late husband used to breed dogs) the man turned beet red, and security caught him. called the cops, and had him arrested. half the front end of the store saw this because she was loud when she said it making heads turn. there was much laughter after this happened. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** someone else had posted a good [story]( about a shopper showing up at closing time and just browsing. it reminded me of this story. as you can imagine, we get crazy as hell the closer it gets to the 4th of july. i try to staff accordingly, but of course things never go as you plan them. july 2nd should have been a very busy day for us. what it actually turned out to be was a madhouse, and we did almost twice the business i had forecasted. i’m not complaining, there were a lot of high fives given that day, but after being on my feet for 15 hours, i was damn tired. we had closed the store at 10pm, an hour after we were supposed to. i had sent home the cashiers around 9:45pm, since they were supposed to be back at 7:30am the next morning, and the only people left were, my dad, one of my employees, and me. we turned off the lights, lowered the sides of the tent and locked up the fence. i was walking to my car with the cash drawer when a car pulled up. the guy was a regular customer and a friend. he was having a party and wanted to grab just a few things. i felt bad for him, so we unlocked the fence, and walked back inside. he started running around and grabbing the stuff he wanted while i put the cash drawer back in the register. of course, two minutes later, a group of 5 people walk into the tent. i told them we were closed, and that they had five minutes to shop, figuring that’s about what it would take my friend to finish. and then the human tsunami hit… i don’t know where the hell they were coming from, but people started pouring into the tent. this is a tough situation. first, i’m there to make money, but i was tired as hell, i still had to swing by the bank for a drop, and i didn’t really have the staff to handle the crowd. i sucked it up, and started ringing in sales as fast as i could. around 10:45pm, i announced to the few remaining shoppers that they had 10 minutes left. at 11:10pm, i’m trying to get the last two people out of the damn tent. they’ve obviously been partying, and they’re just taking their time browsing. at 11:20, they’re holding maybe $10 of stuff in their hands, and just laughing and stumbling around. i finally can’t take it anymore. i walk up to the couple and tell them that we’re closed, and that they need to check out now if they want to buy anything. the guy immediately gets an attitude, and tells me that they’re not done shopping yet. i get an attitude and explain to him that yes, in fact they are. he drops his stuff on the floor in front of me, and heads for the door. as the couple is walking out, a truck pulls up. i’m tired, hungry, and ready for a shower. as the guy is stepping out of the truck, i don’t even bother to look up, and just call out, “we’re closed”. **guy:** come on man. i want to pick up some stuff. **me:** we were supposed to close at 9pm. it’s 11:30, and i’m ready for bed. you’ll have to come back tomorrow. we open at 8am. **guy:** yeah, but it’s going to be busy tomorrow. i don’t like shopping when it’s crowded. **me:** it’s going to be a madhouse tomorrow. i’d get here early if i were you. **guy:** can’t you just let me get my stuff now? a friend of mine told me about your place, and said you guys could just put a package together for me. i want to spend around $1500. **me:** welcome to &lt;my company name&gt;. come on in, we’re open. ------ if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](ten minutes to close a potential customer calls my store: potential customer - "hey, when do you guys close?" me - "i'm making the rounds now, we close in 10 minutes." potential customer - "ok, i'm gonna make it." and he hangs up on me. #1 - i'm irritated. it's a saturday, i have stuff i have to get done, and i'm just about done cleaning and counting down the register. it's been a slow day. i'm ready to go. so i wait anyway. at 1 minute 'til i have shut down the register, turned off all my signs, and i'm about to lock the door. nobody has come in. there's a phone call. now i make a habit of not answering the phone at 1 minute until closing. there is only one reason anyone ever calls me that late. it's to beg me to stay open. no. i'm not a slave. you could have been here at any other point in the day. and if you cant make it during regular business hours today, then come in tomorrow. phone quits ringing. 5pm comes and goes. i lock up and go change. it's 5:05 and i'm about to head out the back door to my car when i see a car come screaming into the parking lot. a guy runs up to the door. sees the lights off and starts violently yanking on the handle. it's locked buddy. so i stand there and watch, i don't care if he sees me or not, and i watch as he proceeds to bang on the door for two minutes while yelling. a rational response to a locked door. i do it all the time when i go shopping after hours. wait, no i don't do that. that's insane. after he's exhausted himself he just stands there and stares. two minutes later he leaves with a disgusted look on his face. sorry pal, you were late--not me.i'm just getting to my shift at fast food restaurant. we get a 25% discount on food. so i order a sandwich, my manager puts in the discount on. at this time, a customer comes in and sees that i got a cheaper price. i walk behind the counter to go to the back, and i hear, "i want whatever coupon he got (pointing at me)" manager (at the register still): "i'm sorry sir, he is an employee, so he gets a base 25% off our sandwiches because we value their work." man: "well, i have to ask what he has ever done except be a waste of space. i am a military veteran, 1992-99 unit xxx, and i deserve a discount!" manager: "it's great to hear that you served, we have so much respect for those that served, but sadly we don't have such a discount program for veterans. if you want, you can always call (corporate #) and suggest such a program." man: "that's ridicules that you would give that worthless piece of trash a discount when you won't even help out a military veteran! i will make sure all my friends and all of the veteran's rights groups of (city) aware of how you treat the heroes of this great nation!" thank you? i work in a grocery store, at the customer service desk. needless to say that i get at least two customers a day that are pissed about something. a regular comes up to the desk one evening with her teenaged daughter. i had never had a problem with her before but she was never really friendly either. she is looking at her receipt with that look that i hate to see. it's not going to be a simple return or price fix, it's going to be a speech about how we're literally stealing or dishonest or evil. it was actually going to be worse. she pulls out a gift card and looks at it. we sell all sorts of gift cards, most of them you pay 25$ and get 25$ credit on the card. however, the prepaid visa, mastercard, or american express cards have an additional fee on them. it is a bank fee, it does not go to our store or even the credit card companies. anyway there is a sign by them that informs customers of this charge. there is also a sign that says that gift cards are non-refundable. she looks at me and asks, "why did you charge me 3.95?" i explain to her how it works. the whole time she is unfazed. "i didn't know that. you should really tell customers that before they buy the cards. otherwise you're stealing their money." i should have just agreed but on occasion i get a wild streak in me and feel the need to lash out, "ma'am it is posted on a sign by the cards." "no it's not, i would have seen it." alright bitch, let's go take a look. i escort her over to the gift card rack and try my hardest to suppress the smug look on my face as i gesture vanna white style to the sign. she is still completely emotionless as she holds the card out towards me. "i want to return it then. i'm not paying 28.95$ for 25$." i then gesture to the other sign on the other side of the rack. her eyes scan the sign and then her face contorts into an awful visage of pure malice. she holds it out towards me once more. "i don't care, i don't want this card. i want my money back!" some people are starting to look over but strangely, her daughter is absorbed in her phone, ignoring us completely. i inform her that i can call a manager but unless something is wrong with the card they won't be able to do anything for her. she, and i am not kidding, starts stomping her foot on the ground and screaming, "that's not fair!" over and over in an incredibly shrill voice. i hear a manager being paged up and customers and employees are staring. her daughter looks up at me for one brief moment and mouths, "i'm sorry" so i assume that this is not an isolated incident. the manager comes up and this lady is still flipping out, she's not shouting anymore but she is still looking at the card for any out and stomping that foot. my manager asks what the issue is and the customer is getting tongue tied trying to explain what happened, "you stole 3.95$ from me and i want it back, i don't want this!" she is waving the gift card all over the place. the manager informs her curtly that we have a no refund policy for gift cards. this is not exactly what the customer wanted to hear. she throws the card on the grounds and screams, like she's being stabbed. everyone is gathering around watching, the whole store has gone silent. the daughter is still on her phone. this lady is like a banshee. "i will never shop here again! i can't believe i fell for this!" she then storms out of the store with her daughter behind her. my manager is wide-eyed watching her leave, other customers are also in shock. i'm trying not to crack up. i pick up the gift card and bring it back to the service desk. life goes on. about five minutes later who should walk in but the daughter. she asks for the gift card, which i give to her. i can't let her leave without asking, "is she like that a lot?" to which the daughter responds, "no usually it's worse." she goes on to explain that her mom has knocked stuff off shelves, spit on people and had the cops called on her twice. in fact, the reason she didn't do any of that this time was because she had a pending trial for assault. lucky us. my favorite part of this story, and any story in which the customer swears to never return is that she still shops. she didn't even give it a week. based on what her daughter said maybe we're the only grocery store that still lets her in....by cutting my hours once. as backstory, i had been at that store for years and had seen like five managers come and go. i was tired of us going through managers, so when this new one, we'll call her bitchy, i decided to give her polite pointers as to where other managers had messed up. just simple things, like x item sells very well at this store so we should make sure we have enough, sundays are actually very busy and we got in trouble for not having enough help those days. last manager got in trouble for always forgetting x, anything i thought could help her stay a while. bitchy always took that the worst way, like i was calling her incompetent when really, i just wanted her to do well. i mean, that might be annoying of me, but i think it's clear to see that i meant well and was only trying to save her ass from trouble with the strict store director. she hated me. we always butted heads, and she's the type of person, who if she's mad, she wants to fight it out and make a scene. pretty shitty tbh. at that job, i always felt overworked, constantly busy, and tired on my days off. one day i pissed her off (don't remember what, it was something petty). so my crazy boss thought i would be heartbroken over having a whole weekend off (seriously, you punish me with a weekend?! thanks!). i had to fight to keep my smile from showing. bitchy comes up to me shortly after she made the schedule, and goes, "the new schedule's up. you should take a look." seriously bitch, you want to cut my hours and then rub it in my face? here we go then! i stay upbeat. "i know, i get the weekend off! i think i'm going to do a date night on saturday. i've been wanting to go see this new movie for weeks!" she freezes, looks pissed, goes, "ok good then. works out for everyone" and walks off. the other employees all start talking about what they'd do if they had the weekend off, movies, restaurants, activities etc. that sound like fun. they're all teasing me asking me to trade them, and we're just all laughing and enjoying ourselves while we work. not one hour later, she comes back, going, "hey something came up. i need you to work saturday and sunday." i grin even harder. "ok, great! i could totally use the extra hours!" and oh my god, the look on her face was priceless. she realized she couldn't win, whether she took or gave my hours. she spent the rest of the day in a pissy mood avoiding me. it was awesome. the best part? she did that to a lot of people, many who would beg for their hours back, so i guess she realized that was a great source of power. she tried that on me no less than 3 more times throughout that year, every time met with a happy me no matter what. it was amazing. edit: tl;dr: manager tries to cut my hours out of spite, instead of being upset i get really excited to have extra days off so she redoes the schedule so i work those days again. edit 2: thanks for the comments everyone! you guys have been great. a few of you have mentioned that i should apply to be a manager, and i'm really flattered at that! i'm currently about to be trained for a management-type position (my badge will say manager but mostly i'll be doing people-management, giving breaks and lunches, with not a lot of money responsibility), and after i graduate i will be more seriously looking into advancing my career. well, like my title says, i do believe i have found the holy grail, sought after by retail workers and frustrated parents alike: my friends, i have found a surefire way to make bad children instantly behave themselves! allow me to set the scene: it's a slow evening at the dollar store, and a couple walk in with their 4-year-old daughter. right from the get-go, this kid is being a bratosaurus rex, and her poor parents are just trying to get the things they need and get out of the store. five or ten minutes later, they come up to my register to check out. the little girl is holding a toy that her parents are going to purchase for her, but she absolutely refuses to put the toy on the belt for me to scan. after much wheedling and coaxing from her parents, she finally parts with the toy. i scan it, put it in a bag, and give it to her, saying, "here you go, sweetie! you can have your toy in your very own bag!" she takes the bag and says nothing. here's where it gets good. the dad then says to her, "aren't you going to say thank you to the lady?" well, apparently not. the little girl says nothing and buries her face in her mother's skirt, but not before shooting her parents and me a look of pure malice. "you're not going to say thank you?" presses the dad. silence once more. the mom then goes, "honey, that's not very polite. if you don't want to say thank you, then we can take this toy and give it back to the lady." the little girl then shouted "thank you!" at me, with as much venom as a four-year-old could possibly muster. honestly, it was hilarious as all hell, and had her parents not been trying to parent her, i probably would have cracked up. but no, she was rude and her parents were determined to make her pay the price. "that's it!" her dad declared. "that was not nice of you at all. we are definitely giving the toy back!" now granted, the kid was being bratty and i wanted her to learn her lesson, but i didn't want her to have to give the toy back. "that's all right, sir. she just doesn't know about the santa-cams up there," i said, pointing at the ceiling. "he's always watching!" upon hearing that, the little girl's attitude did a complete 180. she removed her face from her mother's skirt, looked at me with puppy-dog eyes, and said in the most polite and contrite voice, "thank you." i smiled at her and said, "you're very welcome!" and proceeded to inform her that santa has cameras in all the stores, so she'd better be good wherever she goes. as they were paying and getting ready to leave, the dad smiled at me and whispered, "good one!" never before had i managed to get a small child to behave so quickly, and i must say that i am quite impressed with myself. the funny part? we don't actually have any cameras in our store. the thing that i was pointing at was actually the sprinkler! oh well, the kids don't have to know that! :)**edit:** new story is up! [the destroyer: in which the op is brutalized by a three-year-old]( hello again, talesfromretail! my previous story, [the chicken nugget hooker]( received so much positive attention that i thought another story was needed. about a year after the aforementioned incident, i was working the saturday night drive-thru shift again. it was fairly busy, as saturday evenings tend to be. a very shiny rental car pulls up to the ordering microphone, and the driver begins ordering. he has a very thick french accent, and i have trouble understanding him, as the microphone is already in terrible condition. i ask him to repeat his order a few times. he is clearly agitated by the time he completes his order. a few minutes later, he pulls up to the drive-thru window. i walk over to take his payment. he informs me that he wants to change his order. "hi, my wife does not want number 7 anymore. she wants number 3 now. change it, please. also add two milkshakes." i inform him that i will be happy to change his order, but that there will be a small additional wait. he mutters something under his breath. i ignore the comment and begin making the milkshakes. i hear him and his wife conversing in french through the window. now, i took french in high school. i was by no stretch of the imagination a good student. madame durand despaired that i only did enough work to squeak by with a c every semester. however, i could still make out phrases of the couple's conversation, and sometimes entire sentences. "sad excuse for a restaurant..." "...stupid white boy, should go to university." (they both laugh.) at this moment, i hatch a brilliant idea. i can't speak french that well, but i can well enough to get the point across. i begin recalling nouns and verbs from the many hours spent in french class. madame durand would have been proud. i take the payment for the order, hand over the food to the driver, and prepare myself. as he reaches for the milkshakes, i say to him in broken french, "i hope you enjoy your meal, sir. it was a pleasure to serve you today." he looks at me, and gets that terrified deer-in-the-headlights look of someone caught red-handed. his eyes begin to bulge out of his head. my grin is wider than that of a jack-o-lantern. i'm afraid that if my smile gets any wider, the top of my head will fall off. then, the best thing that could possibly happen... happened. you know when your eye starts twitching randomly, and it just won't stop? it always happens during a job interview or a date, and it's the worst thing ever. my eye started twitching now. not a little mini-twitch where you can hope the other person didn't notice, but a full-on berserker rage twitch. my eyelid was threatening to jump off my face and start a life of its own. this guy definitely noticed it. it was beautiful. a great interstellar drama spread across his face as his brain recategorized me from "obnoxiously cheerful food worker" to "twitching psychopath whom i just insulted." this man wasted no time. eyes bulging, he made a sound that can only be described as a strangled grunt and slammed the vehicle into gear. not one to waste food, he seized both milkshakes from my hands and *tossed* them into his wife's lap. her shrieking protests mixed with the squealing tires on the pavement. i never saw either of them again. if enough people express interest, i can also tell the story of how i was beaten up by a 3-year-old.short and sweet. i work in one of the big supermarkets in australia. i was filling the bread today when i saw a customer sneeze and proceed to blow his nose on a tissue, without a second though he dropped it on the ground. me: "excuse me sir, you dropped your tissue." him: "and...?" me: "well aren't you going to pick it up?" him: "no, isn't that your job?" me: "no, i don't see why i have to pick up your snotty tissues, if you like there's a bin less than 10m away behind you" him: "you can't talk to me like that, let me speak to your manager" me: "i am the manger" him: "well who's in charge of you?" me: "nobody at the moment, i'm in charge of the entire store and everyone in it right now" him: "fine, what is your name i'm going to report you to your head office" me: "iupvoteyourmum, that's with an m, our store number is #1234. is there anything else i can do for you today?" he let out an audible groan and picked up his rubbish and walked out of the store. i'll be looking forward to how he explains how i refused to pick up his biohazard and to see how i'll be 'reprimanded' for it!so this happened just a few weeks ago at my now former workplace (hurray better job!). the company i worked for has expectations for a certain percentage of all printers having ink attached to the sale. associates can get ridden pretty hard by management over their attachment rates. i was doing a circuit of the store looking for customers to help when i saw a man walking down the aisle with just a small printer in his cart. i put on my retail smile and paused as he walked past and started on my usual spiel when i see someone buying a printer with nothing else. "i see you have a nice little laser printer there! just so you know those things only have starter toner cartridges that print just a fraction of what a-" the man whirled around and went bug eyed with an odd expression plastered across his face, raised his arms and clapped his hands on either side of his head as he began to shake it back and forth. "aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" i froze in place and just stared at him for a second before doing a quick 180 and nope'd the heck out of there. it's probably exactly what he wanted but i've never encountered that specific approach to avoid having to listen to a sales pitch. i will admit that it was quite effective.so i'm at work and we're a little less than fifteen minutes away from closing shop. i've got my vacuum out, my ipod ready and i'm overall excited to go home. suddenly, a women in stiletto boots, a *very* short skirt and a belly shirt that doesn't leave too much for the imagination waltzes into the store. i'm not going to beat around the bush, it was definitely a prostitute. &gt;p: you got green dot? &gt;me: actually no, we stopped selling them not too long ago. &gt;p: what about vanilla one? &gt;me: is that like a green dot? &gt;p: yeah, it's the same thing. &gt;me: then i really don't think so, ma'am, sorry. our store stopped selling reload cards. we've been getting a lot of scams lately and the store decided it was best to stop. honestly, i'd never heard of a vanilla one reload card, and what i told her about green dots wasn't a lie. i genuinely thought if we'd stopped selling green dots, we'd stop selling all reload cards. so then she starts strumming through all of our gift cards, and i come to help her, because the faster we find (or don't find) this card, the quicker she leaves, and then i get to go home. after a minute or two of searching, we don't find a vanilla one card. so then she picks up her phone. &gt;p: yeah, they ain't got any... don't get mad at me!.... mhm.... yeah... no, the store clerk says they ain't got any... okay then, you come and find them yo'self then. she hangs up the phone, looks at me and says &gt; p: great, now he's mad at me. so then this scary ass guy barges into my store, power walks right to the gift card section, grabs a vanilla one reload card(whoops....), storms to my counter, pays for the card, 500.00, in cash, looks at the woman and says: &gt;we about to have a talk outside. and then leaves. no thank you. no good night. just takes his card and storms outside. so now it's me and the prostitute again. we look at each other for a moment, and suddenly, she gets a *little* mad. &gt;p: great, now he's mad at me. you made him mad at me, this is your fault. and when he's mad at *me*, i'm mad at *you.* what's your name? &gt; me: t-t-tanner? &gt;p: okay, **tan-ner**, i'mma remember your name, **tan-ner**, i better not be in trouble, **tan-ner**, if i am, then **we** gonna have that talk outside, **tanner**. and then she stormed outside. at this time, all of my coworkers are staring at me a safe distance away. they slowly come to me snickering, and as one asks, &gt;what just happened? all i can say is, &gt;i think i'm gonna get jumped by a hooker after work tonight, guys... fortunately, even after closing, we have to clean up shop for two hours, so if i was in danger, they probably got bored after a half hour of waiting and drove off. and that's my tale from retail.alrighty, this is the first time posting but i've read all of yall’s crazy stories over the years. as this was happening, i knew i had to post it here here goes: i was working as a cashier in the front end of a very popular blue-vested retail/grocery store. anyways a customer comes up and asks me if we do cash back. i said of course, if you swipe your card as a debit card, you can get up to $100 back. she buys a random pack of gum and gets the full $100 back. it was a busy sunday morning and for some reason my register was out of 20 dollar bills. whatever, i had plenty of 100's. she could bring it to customer service for them to cash it if she wanted smaller bills. so i hand her a 100 and shut my drawer, without even thinking twice. i wasn't expecting her to hand it back? crazy lady: "uhh ma'am, i don't want this 100 dollar bill" me: "you asked for cash back on your card...? that’s the amount you requested" crazy lady: "yes, but this one is dirty, get me a different one" me: "that's not how this works ma'am, i can't open my register because your 100 bill is.....dirty....?" finally after arguing with her for a good 5 minutes and people lining up behind her she went to customer service and they gave her 20's. you should have seen the look on the faces of the customers behind her who watched the whole ordeal go down. they were just as flabbergasted as i was. i just remembered this from when i used to work at a convenience store. we had this promotion where when you buy a coffee before 10 am, you get a free pastry. decent deal, people loved it. one morning, two guys enter the store. one of them gets a coffee, the other grabs a red bull and a danish. at checkout, it went something like this : me: sir, i could scan your friend's danish along with your coffee, this way the pastry will be free. coffee guy: (sudden distrustful look on his face) no, thank you. red bull guy: no man, she's right, just let her ring the danish with your coffee and it'll be free because of that deal they have. me: that's right, if you buy a coffee you get a free danish, so if i ring the coffee and danish together, you only pay for the coffee. coffee guy: no thanks. i'm not falling for that. me: ...it's not a trick, sir. it's just, buy a coffee, get a free pastry. red bull guy: come on, just let her scan the thing. coffee guy: (shaking his head with a look that says "you can't fool me") nah. this went on for a short while and coffee guy flat out refused to listen, still with this smug look like we're trying to scam him and he's not letting us. he ended up paying for his coffee, and his friend paid for his red bull and danish while shaking his head in disbelief. i never quite understood that one. edit: spellingas a young professional, i'm oftentimes faced with the occasional client that fails to recognize that despite my age, i still know my shit. most likely, i know my shit better than you and that's why you've come to me. i work in electronics retail, and decided to come out of lurking to share with you the tale of big bob; executive. a large, well dressed man came into my store yesterday with the intention of returning a piece of equipment he won through a contest at work. his company purchased the equipment at my store a month prior to the date in question. when we make a sale (and also printed very clearly on the receipt) we inform the client that they have 14 days to return that item for a full refund. if the client purchases the equipment with a credit card, our only option is to refund their purchase using the same medium they provided for payment. bob's return date as printed on the receipt was for two weeks prior to the date he came to my location. i talked with bob and informed him that the date of return had been passed a number of weeks ago and that i wouldn't be able to process that return for him. he asked if i could provide him with anything at all for it, and i told him i could return it to our inventory only for a store gift card at this point. after all, the package wasn't opened, and i'm not some heartless bastard. he asked me why he couldn't simply get his money back. i explained to him that it in fact wasn't his money, and that the equipment had been purchased by someone else a month beforehand. therefore, the only people i could return that money to even if a manager provided me with an override was the credit card provided. i explained to bob how when someone makes a purchase at a retail store, they enter a contract of service between the business and themselves, the consumer. we, as a retail location, offer them fourteen days to explore and use their purchases for consideration of returning or exchanging them. after those fourteen days, the purchaser takes complete ownership of the device. now let me reiterate; when i said young professional, i meant that i appear to be 15-17. (i am a young 20-something). bob executive and his apparent business associate, whom we will affectionately dub mr. jack goff, laugh in my face at my response. they referred to me as a "corporate drone" that is obviously too young to understand how things work, and forces good people into keeping their money inside their corporation by denying him a refund. and then he said something so disrespectful that for the first time in retail, i stopped giving a shit about a customer and what happened to them while they were in my care in my store. after giving bob a final answer, ergo, "no, i will not be giving you cash for this item purchased over a month ago by someone else," bob responded verbatim with, "wrong answer. go get me an adult that understands business." i immediately halted discussion with the customer and went for the aide of my favorite manager, whom we will dub "sarah". i informed sarah of the situation, that the customer was rude, and i made it clear that we must hold steadfast in the expectation i had set for him. sarah practically repeated every last word of my explanation, which i found irony in given that we're never taught any process word-for-word, so to speak. it's generally left to our discretion. sarah was of a similar age, so bob and jack goff promptly and blatantly displayed their disgust for children running a retail store. he said he'd be calling our ceo directly to share his distaste for young people running his stores. you can feel any way you want about me based on my age, gender, sexuality, skin color, i can't stop you from any of that. but don't disrespect me because **you** don't understand how a business works. also, you could have just sold the fucking thing yourself. working for a large chain of electrical retail stores as a salesman, manager gets a call on friday saying meeting at hq monday morning, be there. nothing odd there, so monday morning rolls round &amp; as the manager ain't there the asst manager says gimlor go to fast food place &amp; get the breakfasts in. so off i trot. place my order, &amp; whilst waiting the manager wondering up, sees my company tie &amp; namebadge &amp; says "sorry you lost your job" "what ?" "have you not read the newspapers ?" picks up a paper &amp; shows me a headline (on page 5 or 6) of 'large chain of electrical retail stores to close, all staff lose jobs' deliver breakfasts &amp; bad news. manager returns several hours later to confirm we're all outta work !!so i work in an autopart store, and here in california it finally started to rain. this usually means we get a rush of people buying wiper blades and wanting them installed on their car. we do this for free because we go "the extra mile." we recently hired two new female employees and they still haven't gotten used to putting wiper blades on, so i'm the only one able to do it. we start to get really busy and there's a bunch of people waiting on me to put their blades on. its raining and i'm getting soaked so i'm in a not so good mood. so i'm helping this old lady put her wiper blades on and she is thanking me and trying to give me a $20 tip which i refuse because we can't take tips ( i would have made a lot of money today but since i'm one if the supervisors i can't accept it.) she then proceeds to drop the money, gets in the car and just winks and waves at me as she is leaving. i smiled and picked up the $20 bill and waved back. that made my whole day. tl;dr: old lady found a loophole in our policy to tip me $20like a roasting pan. garlic. green beans. stuffing. the list goes a bit more but you get the gist. i'm actually a little amazed that she's doing this as it's literally the last minute. so ask: "why now? most people like to get their shopping done early" she laughs a little. "because there is no crowd." which was true. it was nearly eleven at night. there was maybe three other people shopping. my crew had been dicking around for the past hour as there was nothing to do. she went on to explain that she does this each of the two days before and between the two days she usually gets everything she needs and if she doesn't "well, tough hooey. i make some other dish and we have that for dinner." i gotta salute this woman's 'don't give a fuck' attitude and her will to live dangerously. sidenote to fellow grocery store workers: savor this, the longest possible time until next thanksgiving.i was looking after the self serve checkout area when a guy came through and started scanning his basket of items. i noticed that he scanned a pair of jeans and put them in his bag, although the machine registered the jeans as a pair of socks valued at $3. i walked over to find that a bar code sticker had been ripped of a pair of socks and placed over the bar code for the jeans, which were actually worth $35. as i voided off the socks and scanned the jeans the customer started to rant that it was false advertising and that he is entitled to get them for $3, to which i explained that he was incorrect and i was not going to give it. cue a large number of curse words from him and surprisingly some feet stamping. it ended with him buying nothing and storming out of the store, vowing that he would never return. that vow lasted 4 days.(first of all, english is my second language, so please excuse my mistakes). this happened about a year ago, a little more. this lady called me at my bakery shop and ordered a big stevia birthday cake for about 30 people. she was a regular customer, and a good one, so i didn't ask her to come to the store and pay something in advance. now, i don't make these cakes, so i had to order it from a partner. she was aware of that. so, on the date we agreed, i received the cake, paid for it, and waited for her to come and pick it up. but it was getting late, so i decided to give her a call and remind her. the conversation went like this: "hi, ms. b. it's mpourdes from... – enter bakery shop name. your cake is here. will you come and pick it up yourself or perhaps you'd prefer it delivered to your house? (my husband does deliveries for our regular customers who live nearby). "i'm sorry, what cake?" "the chocolate biscuit stevia cake of 3,5kg you ordered for your birthday?" "i'm sorry but my daughter made the cake for my birthday, i didn't order one!" "but ms. b. you did call me last week and ordered a cake for today. i even said that you didn't need to pay anything in advance because i know and trust you". at this point she did remember and was in shock. "oh my god, you are right. my daughter offered to make the cake a few days after i ordered it, and then i completely forgot". "ah, that's ok" i said waiting for her to mention payment. "please accept my apology". "of course" i said. "well... goodbye" she replied. omg. "but ms. b i received the cake and paid for it out of my own pocket." “well, you will just sell it to someone else i guess?” “it’s not easy to sell a cake this big that is also made with stevia. you need to pay for it.” “how much is it?” i told her the price and she started crying. “oh my god poor me, i paid so much money for this dinner party i have today, i didn't remember about this cake, that’s a lot of money” etc. she sounded desperate, so i just asked her to give me just what i had paid for the cake, without my own profit. she continued crying, with actual tears or that’s what it sounded like, because she didn’t like this option either! i remember the many “poor-mes” she cried all this time. always about poor her, and never about the poor cake lady that actually had to pay for the thing! at some point i realized that she would just keep crying, and would never pay for anything, so i did what i consider a mistake now. i said: “it’s ok ms. b, don’t cry. you are a regular customer, and i appreciate the support you have given to my business all these years. i will try to sell the cake to someone else. have a happy birthday”. she thanked me many times and said i was an angel. i was lucky and did sell that cake for a smaller price of course. but guess what. i never saw ms. b again. i guess she felt embarrassed and didn’t want to see me again. but i can’t help but feeling like a fool here. i lost a customer after being so nice to her… **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** josh is one of the guys that work for me every year at my fireworks tent, although i have to use the term “work” loosely with josh. he’s a tall, skinny, 19 year old high school dropout, who would rather be lighting up than working given the choice. his parents are two of my good friends, which is the only reason he still works for me. when we’re working, i spend and unreasonable amount of time playing the “where’s josh” game. it’s like “where’s waldo”, but usually involves josh sitting out of sight in the back of the storage container or “going to the bathroom” for 30 minutes. i know that if i’m not watching him, there’s a 86% chance that he’s sitting on his ass somewhere avoiding work. josh always owes people money. friends, family, enemies, me, the list goes on and on. since i’m pretty much his only source of regular income, and i only work him about 6 weeks out of the year, josh is perpetually broke or in debt. last year, his mother let me know that josh owed them some big bucks, several hundred dollars. they were making him pay for the repairs from when they were out of town and josh had drunkenly stolen his father’s car, and then conveniently wrecked it into his mother’s car. sadly, just another day with josh. i talked to josh about it and he seemed embarrassed, and asked me to work him as many hours as possible so he could pay his parents back. feeling sorry for him (i’m a sucker); i let him pick up extra shifts. i gave him his paycheck after the first week of work, and reminded him that he needed to pay his mother back. he assured me that he would. he then cashed the paycheck on blew the entire thing on fast food, liquor, and “herbs”. his parents were disappointed, but not really surprised. i gave him hell after i found out what he’d done, and he assured me that he was going to pay back his parents with the next paycheck. i’m a sucker, not an idiot, and i know josh too well. from july 1st on, we work a ton of hours, since that’s by far our busiest time of the year, and everyone’s happy when payday arrives. i hadn’t forgotten the fast one that josh had pulled with the last paycheck, and i mentioned to him more than once that he needed to cash his next paycheck and give the entire amount to his parents. on payday, i walked up to josh carrying my checkbook and said, “is this entire check going to your mom?” he of course assured that it was, and danced around like a kid on christmas while i filled out the check. i told him the amount, folded the check in half, handed it to him, and thanked him for his help. about 20 minutes later, i got a text from josh that said, &gt;you bastard. apparently, josh and several of his friends went to a check cashing store to cash his check and start the party. they had already made plans to hit the beach and get wasted after they cashed the check, but the store wouldn’t cash it for him. my text response back to josh was: &gt;what? i asked you if the entire check was going to your mother and you confirmed it. per your request, i made the check payable to your mother. thanks again for all the hard work. ------ thanks for reading. i’m giving away free t-shirts to people who participate in the /r/randomactsofchristmas/ sub. please click [here]( to help us out and get a cool shirt for free. ---- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](when i was doing my time in retail hell, people would occasionally ask to use our store phone. as a courtesy, as long as it wasn't long distance, we would hand them our cordless handset. thus sets our stage. me = me. cb = crazy bitch. &gt;cb: can i use your phone? &gt;me: sure, here you go. i hold out the cordless phone to her. she looks at me as if i pulled the pin on a hand grenade and offered it to her. &gt;cb: no, not *that* phone... i don't wanna get brain cancer! &gt;me: this is the only phone we have for customer use. &gt;cb: what about *that* one? she pointed to the phone behind the counter. &gt;me: sorry, ma'am, customers aren't allowed behind the counter. &gt;cb: so you're not gonna let me use your phone? &gt;me, holding out the cordless phone again: sure i am... here. &gt;cb: i already *said*, i don't want *brain cancer*! i want a phone with a *cord*! &gt;me: there's a payphone in the entryway, ma'am. i pointed to the payphone in the entryway, plainly visible from where we stood. &gt;me: now, if there's nothing else? &gt;cb: *fine*! doyouhavechangefora*dollar*!? &gt;me: sorry, i can't make change unless you purchase something. eventually she saw that i wasn't gonna give up and walked away, feigning disgust. &gt;me: have a nice day, ma'am! the manager came in later and asked why i was whistling "if i only had a brain" as i stocked the shelves... edit: in retrospect, if she pushed the "change for a dollar" issue, i could have offered her the "cellphone for a penny" deal every electronics store ussd to offer at the turn of the century.back in my days in retail, i worked at a big uk supermarket as a customer services team leader. it was a snow day, and the uk wasn't prepared for snow, for the fourth year running. we were low on colleagues (boo!), low in customers (hooray!) but a high proportion of those customers are those persistent regulars who are just here to cause trouble (oh boy...). so one of the older trouble-some gentlemen comes to me at the cs desk, and asks for help to get his shopping home. he's just had a hip operation, therefore he needs help getting his shopping home. luckily, the local taxi service was still operational as the roads were manageable when driving. i pointed him towards the phone to book the taxi so they could pick-him up from the stand (as you could only use a booked taxi). he refused and this conversation followed: &gt;him: no i want you to take me home and into my house. &gt;me: me? what do you mean, come with you in the taxi to your house? &gt;him: no, it's your fault i'm here shopping when it's snowing outside, so you have to take me home. carry this shopping to my house, it's 20 minutes walk away, but it'll be about an hour in the snow. now, i don't quite understand what he's saying at this point, but it sounded like he was blaming me for him choosing to come shopping in the snow. &gt; him: i've also just had a hip operation, so it's your duty to make sure i get home safely. &gt; me: so, you've had an operation, and you want me to risk my health to go walk in the snow to get your shopping to your house because you chose to go shopping on a snow day after you've had an operation? &gt; him: yes. i pay your wages, this is part of your job. &gt; me: no. it isn't. my service ends at the door. you made these decisions, you need to find your way back home, the same way you made it here. &gt; him: you must. it's your fault. all of it. he started screaming and shouting and gaining everyone's attention. at this point, i just told everyone he wants us to carry his shopping home for him because he can't be bothered to walk in the snow. this seemed to subdue the people who decide to get involved. after what was an eternity, he took the cab in the end, but i still to this day don't know how he came to the conclusion that any of this was my fault.hi, tfr. first post after ~a year of reading your horror stories. i've been working in a grocery store for over a year now, and have culminated my own collection of nightmare-inducing run-ins with people hellbent on making everyone around them despise their entire existence. **/////warning - wall of text below ::::: warning - wall of text below/////** today i thought i'd share one that has been in the making for almost a year. this story starts with my second day out of training on a register. it is currently "super doubles" week, where our store will double the value of coupons up to $2 (meaning a $2.00 coupon is worth $4.00, for non-grocery workers). this is obviously very bad for a new employee, because the store gets a very bad case of "the crazies," and 1 in 3 customers will actively try to scam you to get away with invalid or fake coupons. management doesn't seem to mind, however, and i'm thrown on a register, still quite nervous about learning. --- **fast forward 4 hours later:** i'm approaching the end of my shift, i'm a little more confident and more proficient with the job, and have already seen a lot of really scummy customers. i almost feel confident. then **it** comes to my lane. barely 5'2" of shoddily-dyed, blonde, scraggly hair, a gucci purse, a torn, ragged sweater, and bunny slippers. yes, that's right, bunny slippers. it (to be referred to as ms. a) is an infamous customer who is (unbeknownst to me at the time) notorious for picking out new employees and scamming them. she has picked me out because she spent hours at a time in the store for around a week to see who is new, who pays attention to what, and who her best option is. really, if it wasn't pathetic, i'd be impressed. anyway, the transaction goes underway, and she, being a veteran scumbag, gets away with 3-4 coupons off her total. i am told this by the customer service clerk(csc) who reviewed my till. it was at that time i vowed to get her back, and get her back good. i decided to start plotting not because of 3 to 4 coupons, but because of the absolute smug, obnoxious glare she shot me when i handed her the receipt. a look that says "you're nothing but a cashier, peasant. you can't even complain about me." you see, i'm a vindictive sonofabitch, and i really don't like getting taken advantage of. as a preparation for my plan, i took a picture of the coupons she used with my phone and stashed them back in the folder where they are kept. --- **fast forward 5 months:** i am now a self-checkout clerk. much better at the job now, the csc who first told me about ms. a scamming me is a good friend of mine at this point. another super doubles week is upon us, and ms. a, sure enough, makes another appearance. same slippers, same purse, same hair. i ask the csc if she can make a copy of the transaction ms. a makes by using the customer service desk computer. the csc agrees, staying that it's probably a good idea if she ever does get caught. ms. a knows not to try going through my line by now, as i am experienced, so she goes to a newer cashier to try to scam. i go to the new cashier's station to help her bag. i don't say anything about the coupons, despite blatant scamming, but i do snap a picture of the coupons and grab a copy of the receipt from the csc at the end of the shift to store away. ms. a came in 2 more times that week and repeated the procedure, i was able to collect evidence at 1 of the instances. --- **fast forward 3 months:** i am now a coarse, war-torn veteran, working as a csc, dealing with the worst dregs that society can cough up at me. i have now culminated about 13 fraud-latent transactions that ms. a has pushed through a register at this point. my old csc friend is a co-manager at this point, and has been in on my plan for a while now, and is actively trying to help me catch her. during a slow day, my friend calls me from the front desk to her office. she says she has a plan to deal with ms. a for good: she will ask the security guard who watches self-checkout when the tills are pulled at night to contact the police to be on standby during our upcoming super doubles week. i didn't know that it was possible to request that police remain on standby, but somehow my co-manager friend did it. --- **fast forward 1 month:** super doubles. i prepare for a rough week of "but i want this with this coupon, they're the same thing." and "why didn't this coupon that says 'do not double' double???'" then it happens. ms. a fumbles into the store. i hear over my earpiece "ms. a is here, novvacaine, tell the security guard." i do, and sit back for the fireworks. ms. a, blissfully unaware of the world of pain about to be lowered on her, slowly scans the shelves for what she wants for over 2 hours. she goes to a (very) new cashier and proceeds to scam the hell out of the poor girl, asking to void one item, add another, scan one coupon, clear another item, then add another item. this is a very simple trick to confuse cashiers as to what they've scanned and what they haven't. **clarity for those wondering: this is fraud and theft. don't do it. if you *do* choose to do it, the employees will know your name, face, and spending habits, and you just might end up with an asshole like me who is actively trying to get you arrested.** i make a copy of the register's actions up front as i always do with ms. a, but this time was different. as soon as ms. a swipes her card, two police officers, side-by-side, walk up to ms. a, and ask her to step aside and speak for a moment. ms. a, obviously distressed, yells "no! leave me alone im doing nothing" and tries to push past the officers. the two officers are not in the business of dealing with her crap and quickly grab her and take her aside, bunny slippers in tow. her gucci purse still on the counter. the purse, precariously perched on the edge, falls over. 3 unopened bottles of nyquill and a 16 pack of lithium batteries roll out onto the desk. i couldn't contain my laughter, and i said aloud "fucking score." and then proceed to close off the cashier's lane and guide customers elsewhere. ms. a. didn't return, a police officer came and took the security tapes, my copies of the months of transactions, and took a picture of the attempted stolen goods. nothing else was said about ms. a. fast forward to yesterday evening. my co-manager friend and i are at the front desk, she is working in the front office in accounting, and i am counting tills from the day. she steps out from the office with a grin from ear to ear. "ms. a just got convicted of theft and some drug charges, long jail time from what i understand. your transaction records pretty much sealed the case." holy. shit. best day ever. see, i like to think i learned something about the nature of retail and "the customer is always right." it's just a baiting game to see who is willing to step in shit enough times to eventually start smelling so bad they can't deny it anymore. it may not always work, but when it does, sweet baby jesus, it's like christmas, and when they do catch the people who are responsible, like ms. a quickly found out, they find out that there are no coupons for bail. **edit: tl;dr** don't coupon scam, it's easy to catch. **edit** formatting for readability.i work at a sandwich shop in socal. one day i was working phone register (which means i handled all the phone orders, both taking and ringing them up). as protocol states, i take the order, give them their number, and tell them how long it'll be until their order is finished. pretty standard and easy. one day, an agitated guy comes in. ag: i'm picking up a phone order. me: okay, sir, what was your number? ag: she didn't give me a number. me: *knowing i absolutely did give him a number, i smile politely* what name would it be under? (our system has caller id) ag: she didn't ask for my name. she didn't give me a number. she didn't do anything. me: ... okay, sir, can i have your telephone number to look up in our system? ag: this is ridiculous. i just want my order. it took everything in me not to say "well, if you had listened to me when i gave you your number, this wouldn't be an issue", but i didn't. i just love my job.a few years ago i went into a large chain store, a mart of if you will. i don't recall what i was there to buy, but it was nothing significant, so i didn't grab a basket or shopping cart, which ended up being a mistake. as i walked through the isles i was flagged down by a women in a motor scooter who asked me to reach something on the top shelf. that's normal right? i'm a tall guy and she's immobilized, i didn't even think of her asking. as i handed her her item she asked me where the asprin was, "oh, its actually in the next isle" i responded, once again thinking nothing of this women asking for help. i walk away and make it about twenty feet before a second person approaches me to ask where the batteries were located. i was puzzled as to why he had assumed i would know, but i actually did know, so i told him and went on my way. a few minutes went by until i was yet again approached by someone who wanted to know where something was. me: hey, can i ask you something? why are you asking me where to find things? person: fuck you then i'll find it myself. at this point i'm puzzled. i just want to get my items and leave. you probably already know what happens next. someone stops me and begins to ask a question before i interrupt "listen, i'm sorry, i can't help you, i just want to get my things and go" the elderly gentlemen who i interrupted responded with "oh did your shift end? that's fine" as he walked away. my shift? what did he mean my shift i didn't work there, i couldn't even imagine why he'd assume so. i'm now nearly sprinting, trying to finish my shopping before someone pulls me away again. just as i think i'm in the clear i hear "hey" i turn around to me greeted by a portly man with an authoritative tone, i assumed he was another customer until i noticed his badge which said his name and the word "manager" in bold. "hey uhhh (clearly trying to place a name to my face) you forgot your name tag, and also can you get register six? judy just took lunch." to clarify, this man did not glance at me and say this, he was looking right at me, right at my astonished face. i responded with an open mouthed stare like i had just been lobotomized. he evidently sensed my confusion as he repeated himself while grabbing my shirt and pointing at the checkout. it wasn't until then that i noticed what i was wearing, a blue polo and khakis, the outfit of the employees at said store. i wish i could tell you that i manned the register or otherwise took advantage of my active camo, but i didn't, i left the store as soon as possible with a half hour wasted and empty handed. moral of the story: the type of people that don't notice signs are the same people that don't notice the lack of a logo and name tag on my shirt. the manager? he was in a hurry and it was a big store an with a lot of employees my age, maybe he thought i was in training or something.my boss at the flower shop has been on vacation way too long. i've been covering weekends for him and coming in to help out as much as possible during the week. things have totally fallen apart without him there. it also doesn't help that we are severely understaffed to begin with. today was my last saturday working for a while. hooray, right? nope. it was a total cluster f@&amp;k. i was screamed at, whined at and had things thrown at me. sigh but then, right before we were going to close two women came in. i went up front and did my spiel. the younger woman's mother was in the hospital &amp; they wanted flowers for her. i got an idea of what they wanted &amp; went to work putting some arrangement together for them to take. when i brought the arrangements out to the sales floor it happened... they gasped at how pretty they were. i never get to see people's reactions like that. i told them how much i appreciated their reactions and we had a big fuzzy warm moment. i was called to see something in the back, and met an older lady with a cane asking for help. i wanted to pawn her off to a toy department employee, but it turned out just to be getting something off a shelf. back where i am, someone wanted to talk to a manager so i took the call. its the elderly lady and she apologizes for being a pain. put on the best retail smile and say i'm happy to help whatever you need. turns out we're running a promotion you need a mobile device for. she's old and has a pay as you go phone she can't do those things. she just bought 100 dollars worth of stuff for the grandkids. i tell her to give me a few minutes. just want to check the details of the promotion/how much she's deserved. she keeps telling me the frustrations of being old. i'm sympathetic and let her know i'll be refunding her the 25%. she really appreciated it and insisted on thanking me by buying me something. i honestly told her, if i made her day better, that's enough. she said she won't leave without a hug. so we hugged it out. first time i hugged a customer. our store is near several group homes for people with mental disabilities or problems. consequently we see every kind of behaviour. one of our (now) regulars came in for the first time and had interesting requirements to make him happy. he was very averse to being touched, so i had to lay his change out on the counter for him to pick up. fine, i've had people ask that before. but this was something new. twitchy customer: okay, okay, okay, now gimme my change, but here (thumps counter) me: okay, you have two dollars sixteen cents... (i begin to lay the money on the counter, remembering another customer who is very ocd and has to have her money aligned properly) twitchy customer: no! stop! one at a time. me: oookay... here's one dollar.... here's two dollars. twitchy customer: no! you have to acknowledge it. me: what? twitchy customer: acknowledge it! acknowledge my money! i had no idea what he meant, so i waved my hand over the money on the counter and said solemnly, "i acknowledge thee." twitchy customer: thank you. i did that for ever coin i laid down, he'd nod and thank me. to this day he comes in and is very pleasant, as long as you acknowledge his money. update: wow, thank you for all the comments and upvotes, people! this is only the second time i've posted, so it's nice. may i even say i feel acknowledged. :)i work in a relatively popular department store with an extremely lenient returns policy. my main area is in the home store, but i pick up shifts in clothing as well. so i was working in the plus size department one night and a lady comes up with a bag of burt's bees (sp?) cosmetics, and i had no idea we even sold these. she tells me her grandmother (she was way too old for that though lmao) is a compulsive / impulsive shopper who bought all of the burt's bees online and that she was coming to return them for her. i normally don't take back anything but clothes and occasionally home items in a clothing department but she had waited in line a long time for me, so i was going to take it. after all, she could've been completely legitimate. i have had people doing the same thing, albeit with clothes, and they had literally every form of proof of purchase. receipts, her card, everything. so i open up the return window and i ask her if she has a receipt. mind you, she didn't bring them in typical packaging. this was just a regular mesh kind of bag, not even a shopping bag. she says no. okay, no big deal. there's like 500 ways to return something. so i ask if she had her grandmother's card that she purchased the items on. she then says no, she paid with cash. oh yeah? with cash? on an online order? yeah? i sent her to cosmetics. i wasn't dealing with her. edit: oh the upvotes!! this is my most up voted post. thanks guys :) so i do online chat for a retail store. we have all previous chats automatically save and pop up when a new one starts. it's helpful. cuts chats in "i wanna use x promo on y item" me. unfortunately, that particular brand is excluded. i'm really sorry about that. cust "the person i just talked to said that it works. so you have to honor it" honestly we usually do honor most of them. it was 10% off a cheap jacket. but i have to check and see if we really did say we would honor it. so i pull up the chat and the cust is asking a bunch of specific questions on items we sell. never asked about a promo at all. me. "actually sir i'm looking at your previous chat with coworker, and i'm not seeing that promo mentioned anywhere in the conversation" immediately ends the chat. it was beautiful. a few years ago i worked in a coffee shop as a barista. we opened at 6am to tackle the never ending london morning rush hour. i would start work at 5.15am preparing pastries and stocking the fridges and coffee machine. one morning i'm under the counter stocking up one of the milk fridges, it's about 5.25am, i stand up and there's a lady standing there. she must have pushed the automatic doors open in order to gain entry. lady - "i've been standing here 5 minutes, you've been ignoring me." me - "erm...we're not open for another half an hour, i wasn't expecting customers." lady - "this is ridiculous, how dare you ignore me, i'd like a croissant and a latte." me - "as i said we're not open, i was stocking a fridge under the counter so i didn't see you!" lady *incredulously* "this is unacceptable, please get your manager!" cue our flamboyant brazilian manager who after hearing her horror story and giving her plenty of patronising 'oohs' and 'aaahs', thrusts a croissant into her hands and sends her on her way. my only retribution was that if she ever came back into the store again, i refused to serve her.i work in a supermarket in the uk on the deli counter serving cold meats, cheese, olives what have you, and quite often in the quiet times of the day, there'll be just one of us serving whilst others are on lunch or counting stock. this was one of those occasions. sometimes when there are a few customers waiting at different parts of the counter it's hard to know who was first, but i trust my judgement. just after i finished serving someone some gammon, i walked up to a gentleman at the end to serve him, when i suddenly hear 'excuse me!' in the rudest tone. i ask her what she wanted and she demanded that she was next. i said 'i'm sorry but i'm pretty sure this gentleman was next' and she demanded i serve her. the man was very understanding and told me i was fine to serve her. she was after some beef. so i sliced it for her and she went on her way. i went back to the man and apologised profusely for what happened, whilst serving his cheese. he then looked at me and with the straightest face and responded; 'it's okay. i hope she chokes on her beef' and then he walked away. cue me and the customers who had witnessed this, bursting into hysterics. this man is a legend. thinking about it though..... i haven't seen her in store since it happened.... tldr: woman pushed in line, man may have cursed her by hoping she chokes on her beef. haven't seen woman since, presumably the beef got her. so, in this tale i'm a customer. i don't have a drivers license. long story, but kids, pay your speeding tickets on time. i do have a state issued id in it's place. the exact same requirements to get a state id are the ones you have to get a drivers license, and they're supposed to be accepted as a form of id for any purpose. i've had my state id for 3 years and have never had an issue with it, until today. i was in the grocery store i commonly frequent, buying today's dinner supplies and some beer. when the cashier got to the beer they asked for id (i'm 33, so i still get carded about 1/2 the time), and i hand over my state id. they stare at it like they'd never seen one before. cashier: um, do you have a drivers license? me: no, i have this state id. it's the same thing. they call a manager over who barely glances at the id before informing me that it was against the law for them to use it for liquor purchasing purposes. here's the deal: i'm a bartender. i know what the liquor laws say about ids you can accept for buying booze. i have a big poster behind my bar showing the appropriate ids. and state ids are 100% acceptable to buy booze. i inform the manager of this, and they literally just turn their back and walk away from me while i'm in mid sentence. so i'm pretty steaming now, and after i finish my purchase (minus the beer) i go to the customer service desk and ask to speak to another manager. of course, the original one i spoke to is the only one there, so i leave, go home, and write an email to their corporate office explaining what happened. if it's their store policy, fine (though that's a weird fucking policy). don't lie and tell me it's the law when i know exactly what the law says. i'm more than happy to take the $250 a month i spend on groceries to a competitor who will treat me respectfully and sell me my sweet, sweet booze.obligatory long time lurker, first time poster. i work at a fairly large cinema complex and this happened whilst i was working on floor this week. i was cleaning the bathrooms during a quiet period and was standing literally in the doorway of the bathroom when this lovely interaction happened. m for me, ic for the intellectually challenged customer. ic - is this fantastic four? m - no, ma'am this is a toilet. ic - the girl on podium said the first door on the right. is this not the first door on the right? m - ma'am this is a toilet, a bathroom. ic - so fantastic four isn't in here? m - only fantastic number twos. ic - so where's fantastic four? m - first door on your right, directly behind you. tl:dr customer doesn't know the difference between a toilet and a cinema. there are many things our techs find in tires when doing a tire repair at our store this is probably the strangest thing they have ever seen come into the shop. a woman pulled up, and requested us to look at her tire because it was making alot of noise after she ran something over in the road. well we write up a work order, and she heads into the waiting area while we get to work. simple tire order nothing unusual we see these all the time. well we put the tire on the lift, and as we move it in we see the offending object looked like a piece of metal, and it was still lodged in the tire. we lift up the car, and rotate the tire to a better angle to look at it because we need to know what were dealing with. one of the techs who is working on it hollers "holy crap i ain't touching this!". the supervisor assumed that the tech was saying there was a mechanical issue with the vehicle so he came over to look, and started laughing like a mad man. well i go over to get a better look at what's causing this commotion. turns out there is a metal dildo in this womans tire. we all in the shop are laughing real hard over this, and we have to get this thing out of the tire to assess the damage. well we ended up using a pair of pliers to get this offending toy out of the tire. well in the long run unfortunately were not able to do a repair as the punctured area was not able to be fixxed. well we have to notify this woman she needs a new tire, and we have to show her the reason. we tell our supervisor he has to give her the bad news, and show her the reason it needs repaired. he calls the woman out to the shop area to speak to her in private because he did not want to just go inside in front of other customers, and blurt out i am sorry ma'am, but a dildo penetrated your tire in an area so badly it cannot be repaired. well apparently he did not tell her what it was because i can hear her say "well what the hell punctured my tire?". well he brings her to the edge of the shop, and he grabs a pair of nitrile gloves, and grabs the pliers to grab the toy to show her. the woman upon seeing this mangled item begins to convulse in laughter. the supervisor was mortified showing this to her, and was red as a lobster. needless to say the woman purchased a new tire, and we all had a good laugh over this ordeal. edit: the dildo was crushed a bit on the back end of it that is how it got the tire for those who were wondering it was not a solid piece of metal. the rest of it was messed up a bit i assume from being caught in the tire, and somehow not getting thrown off by a rapidly rotating wire. as for location there is a nearby airport, and there are a few areas nearby that are big draws for vacationers so where this came from no clue, and don't wanna know. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax with the 4th of july and new years eve. **warmup:** welcome to the week of scam artists. they rarely get away with it, but that sure doesn't stop them from trying (and occasionally winning). you know it’s going to be a long day when the guy wearing the dark suit and standing in front of you pulls out his secret service identification. most of the people who buy fireworks from me use credit cards. i’m actually pretty happy about that. even though i have to pay fees on each transaction, it reduces the possibility of theft, and i don’t have to deal with as much cash. believe it or not, most banks now charge you a fee if you deposit more than $5000 in cash to your account during a single billing period. yep, it’s bullshit, but if all banks are doing it, what’s your alternative? that being said, we still receive a fair amount of cash during the course of our sales season, and i do everything i can to reduce my risk. my cashiers all use money pens to check the large bills, we try not to keep a lot of cash in the register drawers, and our friendly local police escort me to do cash drops at the bank when needed. overall, we’ve had very few problems. **story:** one of my cashiers called me over because the $100 bill she was holding didn’t look right. the paper seemed right and it passed the pen test, but the printing on the bill did seem a little off. the lady who had paid with the $100 bill was getting impatient, and in the end, i just assumed the bill was old and worn (we do see that a lot). apparently, the night deposit i made on the 4th of july had several of the bills, 8 to be exact. guess who showed up at my tent on july 6th to discuss it! the agents were actually very nice. they couldn’t give me many details, but apparently the woman who had passed the bill was no stranger to them. i’m not sure if she had made multiple purchases at my store, each with a phony bill, or if she had accomplices. i gave them my statement, but i honestly didn’t have much to tell them. the agents did say that the bills were actually very high quality, and that we were lucky to have noticed anything wrong. i didn’t feel very lucky. in the end, i was scammed out of $800. **to the lady who scammed me:** i have a container of explosives and a very particular set of skills; skills i have acquired over a very long career. skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. if i see you in my shop again…. ----- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here]( and [here's]( a scary til about where some of these fakes come from.so i work in the dairy aisle in a supermarket. it's a good job usually and like any supermarket job there are people that will come up and ask if you have a product. in this case we would tell them where it is and then just continue with our day. but sometimes people know where a product is and they just want to be a dick to the the staff which i'm sure you all know about. case in point, idiotman walks up to me asking about bread. now for this to make sense you need to understand a few things. the supermarket i work at is a regular suburban supermarket near a small arcade area. now in this arcade area there are a couple of shops, a hairdressers, a patisserie and a **bakery.** if you want to go to the bakery you have to walk out of the store and then work literally ten meters to your left where the bakery is. anyway, idiotman walks up to me and says "hey you, come hear," in that rude voice which means something has happened to him that is inexplicably my fault. i walk over to him and he is pointing at the shelved area where all the new bread rolls we get everyday are kept. idiotman is giving me dagger eyes and he starts shouting whilst pointing at an empty shelf of 99 cent rolls "i come here everyday and you're always out of these fucking rolls!" along with other complaints, including how he works such a hard schedule and he *deserves* a roll which fate has somehow unfairly cheated him out of. now i am a bit flabbergasted at this man. there is nothing i can do to get him more bread rolls because they are only delivered once a day but more importantly there is a bakery right next door where he could probably get a cheaper and tastier bread roll. my go to response is the usual "sir i'm sorry, i can't help you but i can get you the manager if you would like?" but alas idiotman is a veteran in the field of being a dick to staff and obviously understands that if someone with authority tells him leave there is not much he can do about it. he tells me that i have to deal with the situation for some ungodly reason but i don't want to be rude, plus it is apparently my moral duty now to ensure this man gets his bread. so i say politely "sir there is not a lot i can do about the situation, have you considered going to the bakery next door?". unfortunately for me, idiot man is offended by common sense and so now he *wants* me to get the manager so he can tell him "how inappropriate it is to tell a customer to shop elsewhere!" which according to idiotman is what i was doing. so i go get my manager who is awesome and tell him that some man wants a bread roll which we are out of and is angry because i told him to go to the bakery. my manager comes back to the man with me and asks what the problem is. idiotman tells my manager "you are out of these fucking bread rolls and your staff member has been very rude to me." my genius boss looks at him wide eyed and out of nowhere sprints to the front of the store. idiotman and i follow and as we reach the entrance we see my manager standing in the doorway looking at the bakery. for about a minute he stands in the doorway staring at the bakery and then looking back at the man, back and forth and back and forth with utter confusion on his face. eventually he turns to idiotman and asks "sir you know there is a bakery right next door right?" i only kept it together long enough for the man to drop his basket and storm angrily out before losing my shit. edit: thanks everyone, i'm definitely going to show all your comments to my boss next time i'm at work!i was checking through a woman who was frantic about getting a 30% off discount. we do have coupons, but the only ones that are valid this months are ones where you have to donate used items to a charity we partner with to get them. she physically jumps in front of her husband to stop him from putting items on my till. &gt;customer: is there 30% off today? &gt;me: sorry, there's no sales today, if you have a coupon for donating i can take that! she rummages through her purse, the husband starts putting up items and she grabs every second or third one. holding it up to me she proclaims the price and asks- &gt;customer: is this on sale? &gt;me: no, there are no discounts today. &gt;customer: is it 30% off? she points to various promotional signs that hang around and i again explain that those do not indicate a sale. they pertain to things like seniors day and the charity we partner with. a line up as formed behind her as she searches for a coupon we all know very well she does not have. she couldn't be over 40 and she asks &gt;customer: well, do you have a seniors day discount? my internal reaction is annoyance, lady, stop asking me for discounts after i've specifically answered multiple times that unless you have a valid coupon, you are not getting a discount. i of course didn't say anything, but the line forming behind her did. they decided to errupt in laughter at this young woman asking for a seniors discount. it's so funny to them. she gets the encouragement to keep repeating the question to me.... as i've posted before i work at a board game store in a mall. we have a metal stand that goes in the hallway that holds our adverts (which are kind of flimsy). the metal stand doesn't sit evenly on the floor meaning it rattles when you bump it. this teenage girl was standing on it and rocking it back and forth. meaning it was making a loud noise, she was also damaging the actual sign as well as the metal stand. so i walked over and asked her to please stop. i was going to ignore the damage since the thing was kind of rickety in the first place. her mother went off on me and told me that she was the mom and i wasnt and to stop trying to control her daughter. so i asked her if she wanted to pay for a replacement, about $100 for the actual stand and $30 for the board, as both were now beaten pretty badly. she asked to see the manager, she was pretty upset when i told her i am the manager. i didn't actually make her pay for it, i just wanted her to stop bitching at me. back when i worked at a renowned coffee shop in the us, i wound up with a lot of really interesting stories to share, but the one that comes to mind is when some guy came through our drive-thru and ordered a mocha. now, this wasn't any old mocha- no, he needed some extra sugar (i don't judge), so he said to me over my headset "can i get, like, a shit-ton of chocolate in that?" he started laughing, no doubt at the fact he used foul language during the customer/employee interaction... a social taboo, i do believe. without missing a beat, i respond in perfect deadpan voice; "sir, i'm going to murder that motherfucker with chocolate." my entire shift turns to me and looks like i'd just read a page off of the necronomicon, all while the guy at the ordering box is bursting with uproarious laughter. my managers give me a verbal warning, but it was pretty clear that i'd made the guy's day, so they didn't take any "real" action against me. afterwords, however, whenever i worked the espresso bar, they would tell me "hey, can you go murder some drinks while [person] is on lunch?" **tl;dr- i am the drink-murderer.**last summer, i worked as a cashier at target. easy job, dealt all walks of life, and a pretty typical summer job. one customer really left an impact on me though, in a way i would have never expected. a pack of skittles, lip balm, and a soft drink was all he was purchasing. when i looked up to see the man behind the selections, a tall, stocky figure with a legendary mustache and a chipped front tooth greeted me. the bundle of facial hair was extremely thick, brown with spots of gray, and obviously something he took an enormous deal of pride in. my first instinct, as it usually is with anybody who has exceptional facial hair, was to compliment the man on his work of art. he replied by thanking me and explaining how he hadn’t shaved it since 1973. when i asked why, he responds “back in vietnam, my best friend told me ‘if you ever die, i’m never shaving this here mustache’. we were always competing against each other so i told him ‘alright motherfucker, you got a deal.’ three days later i saw him get shot in the head and this has been untouched ever since.” i was completely taken back, obviously, and after a few seconds told him that was very honorable. to which he replied “no, that’s war,” took his change, and left never for me to see him again. biggest badass ever.i was working cash and things were going normal. totally fine. it had been a great day. the store was starting to slow down and there were only two people left in my line. awesome. i finish bagging this older gentleman's(like late 40s, 50s) groceries and he pays. &gt;me: i'm just gonna put your receipt in your bag, alright? no one ever says no to this, so i start to put it in. someone grabs my hand to stop me. &gt;oldergent: hey! don't you know those things cause cancer? &gt;me: uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....nooo? &gt;oldergent: well they do. you should probably wash your hands after handling them. &gt;me: uhhhhhhhhh...okay. will do. the customer behind the older gentleman and i exchanged glances as he left. he didn't take his receipt.yesterday i was running a till and it was extremely busy. customer comes through my till with her groceries (long line behind her). i scan them and get to the end. me: your total is $xx.xx. (customer hands me a card.) me: is that a debit or credit card? customer looks at me like i'm stupid and says: credit. it's a visa card. me: okay. credit it is. (i then tap her card and hand her back her card and her receipt.) customer: oh, i should get cash back on the order so i can have some cash. (she stands there looking at me.) me: your order is finished. i've processed it on the card you gave me, and i handed you the receipt. customer: how did you do that? oh, right, the tap. this is ridiculous. i wanted cash back. you should have told me you were going to tap my card. me: just take your receipt and card to the service desk. they can refund your order on your visa and then process it on debit for you to get cash back. customer: i can't believe this. this is so stupid. this is your fault. (customer walks away in a huff to the service desk.) yeah, it's my fault. what was i thinking processing your order on the card that you gave me?this is a bit of a success story rolled in with one of the most infuriating experiences i've had in retail. it's long, so bear with me. a little background: i am very timid and a bit of a pushover in certain situations. if possible, i avoid situations rising to confrontation, but can generally remain calm during stressful situations if i need to be. i'm working at the service desk on a relatively easy night at the store where i work. another woman who had been covering the desk with me is on her break, leaving me by myself. not that big of a deal. up rolls this 60-something woman in an electric cart and i feel it in my bones... this is not going to be easy. she puts a clearance jacket on the counter. i ask if she's purchasing the jacket (since it's the service desk, the main focus is --of course-- handling returns and exchanges). she looks at me like i'm the least intelligent person she has ever encountered in her life. cl:what else would i be doing with it? me: generally this desk is used for returns and exchanges, but if you're purchasing i can absolutely do that for you. i ring up the coat and tell her her total. she goes to hand me a card, but i point to the card reader, telling her to run it through the side. cl: i can't. it's a gift card. me: since it's a visa gift card and not a store gift card, you run it through the machine. she swipes the card. me: do you have a pin set up? (by this point, i'm being perfectly pleasant and trying to help her through the process as best as possible, knowing it can often be confusing for older people). cl: i just told you! this is a gift card. you can't have a pin for these things! me: you *can* actually call the company and have a pin set up so you can run it as a de- cl: no you can't! there's no pin! me: okay. and we all know this "okay". it's the "okay crazy bitch" that you're not allowed to actually say out loud, so you stop at "okay." me: press the red x, then press credit on the next screen. you'll need to sign for it. she does as i tell her, and when she finishes my register tells me that she still owes a little more than three dollars after the remaining balance from the gift card was applied. i inform her of this and she proceeds to pull out two "$3 off with our apologies" coupons that we give to people who experience inconveniences at the fault of our store. me: oh. those are actually coupons, which need to be applied before the payment. so, in order to use those, i would have to void out the card payment and... cl: you can't do that! the money won't go back on the card right away and i won't be able to use it!! you're stealing my money! now, i know some people use caps and exclamation points in a bit of a hyperbole to make the situation seem more extreme than it really is. however, my supervisor (nh for not helping) was standing easily thirty yards away from the desk with two sets of shelves in between us, and the very second cl started yelling nh's head pops up above the shelves while she gives me a "the f**k is going on?" look. i try to, very calmly (despite already starting to get shaky at the thought of the oncoming hellfire about to rain down on me) explain to her why things won't work the way that she wants to and that "no, i can't make the register work the exact way you want it to work". nh comes over to try and defuse the situation, but she has terrible confrontation-handling skills and only manages to make cl even more upset. cue other customers actually stopping to gawk and our small-but-fierce (sbf) security girl coming over to interject. sbf: ma'am, if you could please just... cl: no! nobody asked you to enter this conversation, so i'm not even talking to you. this cashier stole my money and is trying to screw me over! this mistake needs to be fixed right now! nh calls our store manager up to the service desk. at this point, the situation has been going on for at least 35 minutes. sbf is standing behind me, legitimately concerned that she will dive over the desk and throttle this woman if given a direct path. as the other service desk employee has yet to come back from her meal break, we couldn't help any other customers during the entirety of the exchange. our normally calm and collected (cac) store manager comes over. i start to explain the situation, but cl cuts me off, yelling to the store manager that i stole her money. i am literally shaking. cac approves for us to void the payment and use the coupons to bring the price down to what can be covered by the balance on the card. he then walks away. i do as he says, we apply the coupons and try to run the card. of course, it is decline. cl: this is exactly what i told you would happen! i *told you* not to do that! me (through gritted teeth): *i* am only doing what my supervisor instructed me to do. this is how coupons work, ma'am, and this is how they work just about everywhere. coupons, as i've already told you, need to be applied before we accept any payment. she flips. her. shit. nh (over walkie-talkie): cac back to the service desk! sbf: dipity90, take a step back. cac comes back. me: the card got declined, but... cl: this idiot just stole my money! cac: hey! this is a 35 mile an hour zone, and you're cruising at about 90. so i'm going to need you to ease off the accelerator. and at this moment, everything stops. 1. no one has ever heard cac raise his voice before. 2. he just... said... what? cl (sounding legitimately shocked and insulted): why would you speak to me like that? cac: there is not a person here with ears who appreciates your tone. these are human beings you are speaking at." cl: this girl stole my money! i can't use it now. cac: i will personally had you twenty dollars out of this register to leave this store and never come back, and hopefully never go to any other storeiworkat with this kind of attitude ever again. somewhere in the middle of the yelling, the other service desk employee has come back and slowly figures out what is going on. she calls the card company and the automated number tells her that the remaining balance is still the 8-whatever that cl thinks is missing from her card. cl is now offended every way from sunday, but set on buying this jacket ("but i'm never shopping here again.") we manage to get the transaction to go through. i hand her the receipt with no hint of civility in the interaction. then... oh dear goodness... then... cl gets pleasant. cl: hon, i think i might have gotten the wrong one. could you tell me what size it is, please? me: no. cl: excuse me? i asked you for help. me: and i am refusing. you don't talk to me. ever. again. sbf: nh, i think dipity90 might need an extra five minute break. me: dipity90 does need an extra five minute break, which she will be taking *outside* and she will remain outside until all *crazy people* have left the service desk. i ripped the service desk keys off my belt and the walkie head set out of my ear, only barely refraining from throwing them down. cac: dipity90 also probably needs a free drink from coffeeshopinsidestore. i'll go over with you and get you one. crazy lady tries to argue with the people remaining at the desk, but everyone ignores her. she then proceeded to go back into the store to do more shopping despite having just promised us to never shop there again. tl;dr: lady goes batsh*t crazy because she doesn't know how coupons work, and manager defuses situation with the gem in the title.okay this is a long complicated story. i figured you guys would understand it the best, because most of you work with debit/credit card payment terminals. any who, i work in a high end optical store. we have frames that sell for over $3,000, so naturally, we attract a scum or two. the other day, a young guy came in (early 20's) looking to buy a gift for his girlfriend. okay, no problem! i let my coworker tend to him while i went on my lowly inventory duties. a few minutes later, and he's asking to try on some (very expensive) $2,000 cartier frames for himself. usually, this doesn't even catch my attention, but the guy was just acting.... off. a few minutes pass, and surprise surprise, the guy decides he wants to buy them! great! my coworker processes the sale, hands him the payment terminal so he can insert his card chip first into the machine to use his credit card (canada). i notice the guy is pressing a few too many buttons, way more than a 4 digit pin should be. just to be safe, i casually pretend to put something away behind him and look at the machine. this fucker is on the "swipe or type in your credit card number" screen, and typing in someone else's credit card number. he feigned putting in his card so that he could enter in a stolen credit card number to put the sale under. i came up from behind and grabbed the machine from his hands. i told him he needs to use a real card or get out now. he acts all confused, "wh-wh-what are you talking about?". i asked to see the card in his hand, to match the number with the card number he was trying to put into the machine. he suddenly lost all ability to speak, and just kept asking what my problem was. i told him i knew what he was doing, and he needs to pay with a real card or get out. he would not give up. he tried getting in my face (i'm a short, young(ish) girl, so i'm not very intimidating), so i offered to call the cops and have them handle it instead. i have never seen somebody high tail it out of there so fast in my life. so yeah, if any of you work in high end stores, keep a look out for this trick. apparantly another one of our stores had this happen to them, but they didn't catch it until after they got a call a few days later telling them the card was stolen from a different province. oh, and how does my workplace repay me? our store is getting paid "a few days late" due to an "accounting problem from another store". -_- why do i even bother. edit: wow this blew up over night! so happy this is my first big post :pback when i was a trainer at a canadian grocery chain, i had this horrifying experience. beware: if you have a helicopter mom, this might give you flashbacks. we usually grouped "ability" levels together to make my job easier. that weekend had been a group of five high school girls. they were told to meet me at customer service, and we would head to the boardroom. four of my girls had arrived and i patiently waited for the fifth, a girl named tina. two minutes before the training time started, i saw her. but she wasn't alone. she was with her mom. well, that's okay. maybe it's her first job. my dad had snapped a photo of me at my first day at my first job, so i just ignored it. i introduced myself to the girls and went over how they were gonna split the next 16 hours: one day training, one 4 hour practice shift, then one 4 hour real shift. i told them i'd be there the entire time and blah blah blah, basically gave my "i'm your number one right now" spiel. i motioned for them to follow me to our boardroom. the mom got up too. she followed us all the way to the back doors. when i saw she hadn't left, i looked at tina, who did not even make eye contact. so i guess i had to be the one to speak. "excuse me, ms. tina's mom. we're heading into our training now. if we finish early tina can use our phones to call, but we should be done at 6!" tina's mom: "oh, that's okay. i'll just come on back with y'all." what? um... no. me: "unfortunately i cannot do that, as the training session contains fairly confidential information. but we will be done at six, and there's plenty to do in this plaza if you don't wanna go home yet!" the mom looked slightly miffed but she acquiesced and turned away. i glanced at tina again -- still no eye contact -- and then pushed open the doors. after six, when i was in the office signing training forms, my coworker popped in. cw: "hey, you know that lady who came in with your trainee? the blonde one?" me: "yeah. she wanted to come into our training session." cw: "yeah, she complained to sam (our manager) that you wouldn't let her. and then she sat on the bench until six." me: me: "she sat there for eight hours?" cw: "she had an ipad but yeah. just sat there until your trainees were free." w.t.f. i tried to rationalize it. maybe she was worried tina would get sick or something and she needed to be there. hopefully she wouldn't be back tomorrow. ... except she was. as i stood at a till with my trainees, demonstrating the ins and outs of the register, she stood at the bagging area and stared. i decided to ignore her and began my usual technique of on-the-go teaching (i pretend to be a customer and they have to hit all the points before i put the next girl on.) tina was my first because she drew the short straw. holy crap. for every mistake tina made, her mom was criticizing her before i corrected it. i don't know if her mom stole the manual or something, but it was driving me nuts. and with each mistake that she got yelled at for, she got more flustered, and more prone to mistakes. after a particularly derogatory comment about tina's intellectual capacity, i almost lost it. me: "excuse me. i am the trainer here. i know tina is your daughter but she is currently my employee. i need to ask you to leave, as you're interfering with all my trainees." tina's mom: "that's ridiculous. i should be allowed to be involved." me: "well, we hired tina. not you. so for as long as she's on the clock, your involvement is not welcome." the mom stared at me -- beady eyes -- and then left to the bench she had sat on yesterday. she stared at me the entire time, but whatever, better than being a colossal pain in my ass. tina improved greatly without her mother's constant judgement. i was excited to see how my girls would fare the next day, a sunday. sundays were good training days because you either sink or swim, but my training was so good that all of my employees swam. tina seemed pretty shy so hopefully this would be a good experience for her! except, and you probably guessed it, tina did not show up on sunday. i called her house a few times throughout the week but she had no answer. after her training paycheck went through, hr closed her employee file. and i felt pretty bad for her. how was she gonna do anything, with a mom like that? like many of you brave souls, i once worked retail. at one of the largest video game stores in the united states, in fact. it was a glorious time, just before the advent of corporate's fixation on reservations and subscriptions, but during the heady days of the newly launched xbox 360 and ps3. systems flew of the shelves, jack thompson was the source of many a knowing chuckle, and i truly enjoyed going into work each and every day. now, because jack thompson was still a thing at that time, we had all been briefed over and over again that we could not sell rated m games to minors, and had to in every single case get the purchaser's id. if the minor wanted the game, we had to get their parent to approve. no parent, no sale. cue the 13 year old gangster kid. he waltzed into the store all dressed up, trying to look as intimidating as a short, chubby pre-teen with ego issues could. i kept an eye on him, asked him if he needed help, and went about my business. after about ten minutes he came up to the front desk with gta san andreas. he slammed it down on the front desk and announced, "i'm getting this." cheerful, delighted me replied, "of course! can i see your id?" blank stare. "what?" i helpfully flipped the game case over to the esrb rating. "i'm sorry, but since this is a rated m for mature game, i'm not able to sell it without your id or your mother or father's permission." his eyes lit up. little did i know, i'd given him the perfect out. with a hurried, "one sec," he ran out of the store to fetch the parental unit. the parental unit in this case turned out to be his mother, or possibly grandmother, who clearly spoke little to no english as her frustrated chatter to her son revealed as she entered the store. *"what do you need?"* she grumbled at him as they came to the desk. *"the lady needs your id, just show her your license and say ok,"* her son told her as quickly as he could. *"it's nothing, they're just stupid."* now, you might have noticed i put that dialogue in italics. that's because it was conducted entirely in spanish, and because, thanks to my public school education, i knew spanish. not well enough to write an essay, but definitely well enough to follow the conversation and know the son was trying to pull a fast one on mom. time for due diligence. *"ma'am, i'm sorry to bother you, but your son wishes to purchase this mature game,"* i told her. her eyes widened. (ed. note: i am the whitest white chick that ever walked the earth. i'm so white, my ancestors came over on the mayflower.) *"ok, fine,"* she replied, *"let me get it."* she started to rummage about in her purse while her son glared daggers at me. *"there's a little more to it,"* i told her. i pointed deliberately to the m rating. *"this game has blood, violence, people having sex, naked people, drugs, and other assorted mature topics. i want to make sure you understand this before i sell him the game."* her eyes got wider and wider with each strike against the game, as her son wilted more and more. when i finished, she whipped around, grabbed her son by the ear, and marched him out of the store flinging invectives and curses at him for trying to trick her into letting him get the game. i chuckled, put the game away, and lay in wait for the next troublemaker to enter the store.i work 3rd shift at a particularly large employer of many many people. one fateful night, as i was attending my "putting things on shelves" duties, some teenaged kids came in and apparently started hiding some high dollar merchandise in the sporting good area. no one noticed this. later, around 6 am, the wind down of my night, these kids came back with shopping carts, running to where they hid all these items that they apparently absolutely could not live without. they grabbed all the stuff up and started booking for the door. the manager on duty, however, was having no theft on his watch(mind you, this mountain of a man's nickname is "the punisher). he immediately chases after them and yells to the cashier on duty to "call the fuckin' cops!". as he gets to the parking lot, they're speeding off in their getaway sedona, but do you think that stopped the punisher? no. as they're speeding off to retire in style after their successful heist, my salaried manager proceeds to throw a damn shopping cart at their car, busting out their window. when he got on the phone with the cops, he merely said, "yeah they're in the white sedona with no rear window." tl;dr manager throws shopping cart at thieves, no repercussions on his part.background: i'm a teenager working at a small clothing store in canada, about 45 minutes away from the american border, so we occasionally get a few customers from the states. normally i work cash, so of course i get to deal with any of the confused customers over their purchases. the most common problem that arises is that people shopping here who come from the states are sometimes unaware or forget that canada doesn't use pennies anymore, they're just gone from our currency system. instead, we round to the nearest 5 or 10, so 1¢ and 2¢ round down to zero, while 3¢ and 4¢ round up to 5¢. pretty straightforward. our register will ring up the exact total, and it is up to the cashier to figure out the rounding system to give out the change. i usually explain this to anyone confused as to why they didn't receive a penny and for the most part i'm met with calm understanding. calm and understanding did not fit the personality of penny lady, however. at the time i was ringing her up, pl's credit card had just gotten bounced, so she grumbled a little bit and pulled out some cash to pay for her purchase. keep in mind, my store sells pretty pricey clothing ($40 minimum for a shirt...) so her purchase was about $120.99 for 3 items. she pays the full amount in cash (1 $100 bill, 1 $20 bill and 1 loonie) and i print out her receipt and wish her a good day like the obedient drone i am. this is where it gets ugly. the lady comes back ten minutes later when it's (thankfully) quiet and marches up to me at the cash. &gt; pl: ahem. &gt; me: hi there, *happy retail smile* is there something i can help you with? &gt; pl: i did not recieve the proper amount of change!! &gt; me: oh, my apologies miss, may i see your receipt to confirm? &gt; pl: *hands me the receipt* i expected better of this store, i shop here all the time and i have never been dishonoured like this before!! &gt; me: i'm very sorry miss, i'll try and fix this as fast as possible, how much change were you due? &gt; pl: i was supposed to receive some change but i got none, look at the receipt! glancing down at the receipt, i check to see how much change she was due from her purchase. it says "change due: $0.01," which means i have to round down to no change. this lady essentially paid the full price in cash and was demanding a penny in change, which i can't do. &gt; me: ah, i see the error here, i'm very sorry miss. *shows the change due area on the receipt* you see, we don't use pennies anymore here, (i explain the penny system to her). &gt; pl: well, i'm going back to the states tonight and i want some exact change back so the border security doesn't pull me over! &gt; me: miss, i don't travel much, but i don't think you'll get called at the border over a penny, they are aware of the rule, i'm afraid there's nothing i can do for you. &gt; pl: i don't need your sass, child. get me your manager. i'm still smiling the happy retail smile as i go off to get my manager thinking "oh you bitch, it's just a penny!" luckily, my cool manager (cm) has my back and he walks over and explains the same thing to the very flustered lady. she is still demanding her penny, so he finally cracks. he walked into the back of the store, found a penny lying on the ground covered in dust (it's been there forages but no one wants it, for obvious reasons) and walked back out. &gt; cm: *handing the lady the penny* here you are, now please understand that we will not be giving out any more pennies, thank you. the lady harrumphs and finally leaves the store, then cm high-fives me for handling the situation well. to this day i get slightly irritated whenever i have to explain the rule, though.edit: i meant know the store. it's 3 am ok so this just happened a few days ago, nothing big, just a slightly annoying occurrence as a customer. another thing worth knowing is that this specific store has a dress code of a dark blue shirt with their logo and black pants, i was wearing a colorful and loud summer dress. so i was browsing an arts and crafts store chain, (art book addict. i like looking at the things i can't draw) when i saw a female worker seeming to be lost. i honestly thought she was new, since anyone who isn't at the store regularly can get extremely lost, so i asked if she was looking for something. &gt;worker: do you have any idea where the faux plants are, for school-type projects? &gt;me: the mossy things? yeah, over in *aisle* next to the paints, there's a giant orange sign above it kind of hidden by the starter kits. &gt;worker, handing me a giant box of the moss-stuff: great, go put this over there. after several, painfully long seconds of me standing there awkwardly, she gives me the dirtiest glare ever: well!? go put it away! &gt;me: i don't work here. *glanced at her badge, she was a manager. wtf.* &gt;worker: oh....... well go do it anyway. &gt;*is this real life?* me: .........what? &gt;worker, looking at me as if i was a fucking idiot: go put it away. &gt;me:.... i just dropped the box and left, fuck that lady. second edit: she doesn't work there anymore, she works at another store now. i have complained about her in that one but they still keep her. here's another story from the gas station. this happened at the end of last winter. a customer calls us on our phone, which is pretty unusual. normally the only calls we get are from other gas stations within our chain. without warning she says, &gt;customer: "have you received any complaints about your gas being watered down?" &gt;me: "no, we haven't." &gt;customer: "well let me be the first!" oh boy, here we go. she explains that she filled her car and lawnmower with our gas, after which the lawnmower wouldn't start (she admits her car works fine, however). she says she took her lawnmower into a repair place, and they said the gas was watered down. great. i'm thinking, "yeah probably because you let your lawnmower sit all winter and water accumulated over time. the more likely scenario isn't a conspiracy where we water our gas down and your lawnmower is the only machine in town sensitive enough to detect it." whatever. i give her my manager's name, take her phone number, and tell her my manager will call her when she comes into work tomorrow. after hanging up the phone, i joke with a customer who partially overheard the conversation. &gt;woman: "always a complaint call, huh?" &gt;me: "actually, no. i mean, we're a gas station. who calls a gas station to complain?" &gt;woman: "haha, some people are crazy." i thought that was the end of it for me, but it wasn't. a couple days later i ask my manager if she ever called lawnmower lady. she says she did, but lawnmower lady didn't answer. later, i'm told by a coworker that lawnmower lady came to the store on his shift the previous night. she wanted to speak with the manager, my coworker informed her my manager only works mornings. the next day, lawnmower lady shows up on my shift asking the same thing, as well as telling me about her lawnmower again. i text my manager, "you need to talk to this woman. she's gonna keep bothering us until she speaks with you." my manager tells me to email lawnmower lady's info to the store director and have the store director deal with her. a few days later, she comes in on my shift *again*. we've told her multiple times my manager only works mornings, so i don't know why she thought she'd be here this time. predicably, no one has called her. i finally tell her, &gt;"look, we don't water down our gas. we conform to all fuel regulations." i kinda pulled "fuel regulations" out of my ass. i'm sure that's probably a thing, but i don't really know. i'm just a clerk tired of being the middleman between her and the higher-ups who don't want to deal with her. &gt;"is it possible that water accumulated in your lawnmower's gas tank from sitting unmaintained all winter?" that's a thing too, right? &gt;customer: "oh no that's not possible. the repair shop said the gas was watered down." &gt;me: "i'm sorry. i'll email the store director again and have him call you." apparently, the store director passed her over to our corporate office and had them call her. mercifully, that was finally the end of it. i kinda wish i knew what they told her to get her to stop. **tl;dr:** woman on a crusade slanders our gas station, higher-ups force me to deal with her because they don't want to, she finally stops after getting the phone call she wanted.working at a movie theatre concession stand, i once had a customer demand my manager before anything had happened. while the manager leaned over my shoulder, she began ranting about how rude it was that the girl who sold her tickets didn't even stand up to greet her. before the manager had a chance to react, i replied, "she's in a fucking wheelchair... ma'am." (edit: apparently, i need to clarify so people's underwear remain in an unbunched state: i said this because i was shocked, not because i'm trying to sound like some sort of badass.) "just because she's a cripple doesn't mean she needs to be so fucking rude!" long time lurker here, first time posting, finally had something happen that i thought was worthy. so i work for a large international coffee chain that is very lenient in customer service in terms of giving whatever the customer wants (to a degree of course). so i just started my lunch break on an extremely slow day when a lady comes in. i'm about to order a drink for my break when i hear the following interaction with my coworker &gt;lady: this is the worst cup of coffee i have ever tasted! &gt;coworker: oh i'm so sorry about that let me get you a new one! (proceeds to dispense coffee from same container) &gt;lady: this tastes much better but is still crap! she then somehow manages to spill a little on her shirt &gt;lady: i spilled this coffee on my shirt! this is your fault the cups and sleeves you guys use are awful, competitor x has much better cups! at this point my coworker is a little flustered and as the supervisor i decide to jump in &gt;me: hi ma'am i'm so sorry to hear that our coffee isn't to your standard, i see that we are almost done brewing a fresh batch, let me get you a new one and double cup it for you. &gt;lady: i don't care your cups are still crap unlike competitor x &gt;me: actually ma'am we use the same company as competitor x for our cups and sleeves and there's nothing i can do about that but feel free to send an email to corporate, they actually do listen. here is your new cup of coffee straight from the brewer black as you requested, i hope you are satisfied with this one! she begrudgingly takes the cup of coffee, walks over to the condiment stand, pours out half of it into the garbage, puts a ton of sugar and fills half the cup with milk. she comes back to the cash register and i realize that i will never get to go on my break. &gt;lady: this coffee isn't even hot can you microwave it? &gt;me: ma'am that coffee was straight from the brewer to your cup, i cannot make it any hotter than that. we do not have a microwave and i do not recommend microwaving your coffee as it will compromise the taste and these cups are non-microwaveable &gt;lady: but i put cold milk in it, it makes it room temperature &gt;me: ma'am i cannot do anything about cold milk making your coffee colder, if you'd like you can get steamed milk with your coffee for 60 cents extra but i cannot do anything else otherwise (normally i would just give them the upgrade for free but screw this woman!). &gt;lady *stares at me like i've said the most ridiculous thing in the world*: you expect me to pay 60 cents for that!? this is ridiculous! i go to competitor x all the time and don't have this problem! &gt;me: ma'am i don't want you to walk away unhappy with a cup of coffee you are not satisfied with but there is really nothing i can do here is your money back if you feel that competitor x can meet your standards then i honestly encourage you to go there since this is something i cannot fix, i would not feel comfortable serving people lukewarm milk with their coffee. &gt;lady: fine! i'll take my money back. can i get a cup of hot water? i take the coffee back (which shocks her, clearly she wanted attention and a free coffee) give her the hot water she proceeds to sit at the only handicap accessible table we have, leaves an hour later with her cup of hot water untouched. bonus note: she apparently has gone to another nearby location before and complained that her cup caught fire when she tried to microwave it at home. p.s. someone told her it was not microwaveable and it is also clearly marked. edited for formatting/grammarbackground: i work in a supermarket. i've been there nearly seven years and i've run out of any fucks i previously had when i began. today was slightly different. prepare for a long, wild ride. i'm hanging out packing bags for a coworker (anything to get out of doing real work), when the customer points at the screen and abruptly says: "that's wrong." &gt;me: "oh, sorry, what's wrong?" &gt;her: "the salad tubs. they should be 2 for $7." i go and check out the deli sign, realise she's got one 'classic' tub ($4) and one 'gourmet' ($5). the special is only for the classic tubs, the sign very clearly states that under the classic heading. there is no mention of any special under the gourmet heading. i grab the sign and head back over to the register. &gt;me: "sorry, look, you've grabbed one of each, it's only the classic tubs that are on sale, would you like me to get you another classic tub?" &gt;her: "that's wrong. that's false advertising. if it's written on the sign it means all of them!" &gt;me: "ah, well, sorry, that isn't how it works..." &gt;her: "you have to give it to me for $7. your attitude is appalling." &gt;coworker: "i can't mark stuff down without asking the night manager." &gt;her: "call him down here now!" so i call him, he's busy, he asks what the go is, i explain, aaand: &gt;"give it to her for $7." what. no. get fucked. no. i can't (yet totally can) believe this is happening to me. i take a deep breath, turn around, and smile. &gt;me: "i've spoken to him and he says today we will reduce the price for you." &gt;her: "it isn't reducing the price. it is giving me what i am entitled to!" coworker changes the prices, she slams her card into the machine, transaction doesn't process because she's put in the wrong pin. &gt;coworker: "sorry, you've put the wrong pin in, can you please try again?" &gt;her: "stop sabotaging my finances! what's your name? mark?* mark, you will be hearing from me." holy fucking christ on a bike. she finally leaves, i'm shaking because i really do not deal well with people shouting at me, but the next customer is lovely and we all relax and it's going to be alright. lolnope. half an hour later, the night manager calls from upstairs. &gt;him: "yolanda! what did you and mark do? i've never had a customer yell so loudly about how bad the staff are." &gt;me: *explains situation* &gt;him: "no. you know better. customer is always right. if they're going to be like that, give them what they want and move on. their happiness &gt; yours." i hang up the phone, look at mark, and burst into tears. i haven't cried for years at this job. i am so ashamed. people are looking at me so i just mumble "back in a minute", walk outside, and just let rip for about five minutes. i eventually feel bad for leaving mark on register alone, fix my makeup, and go back inside. the rest of the shift passes, a man steals $100 of meat, kids are caught stuffing chocolate down their pants, mark makes me laugh. just before i leave, the night manager pulls me aside and repeats exactly what he said earlier. i smile, nod, leave, call my boyfriend, rant forever, come home, and now i'm writing this. i really wish the end to this massive post was "and that's the story of why i quit my job" but today is not that day. instead i'm just gonna eat some pizza pockets, play mario kart, and fantasize about the day i do quit. *name changed to protect my favorite work pal. edit: formatting edit 2: more formatting oh god sorry i am the worsthello tfr! been wanting to post a story here for a while but i couldn't decide on one. this one comes to you from 13 years ago! our tale starts in a big blue box department store in a small town. i was fresh out of high school and working there back when they actually gave full time jobs. i was a jack of all trades pretty much. cashier, stock, service desk, cart pusher. on this day i was outside pushing carts. it seemed like any other day, and pretty soon it was lunch time. i head back to the break room and grab my lunch. i would later wish i'd headed out to eat that day. luckily i had time to finish eating and by now am just relaxing and chatting with coworkers. the phone in the break room rings and someone answers it. they holler at me and tell me i have a call. the person on the other end is a girl from the service desk telling me an officer wanted to speak with me. what? really? i crack up laughing. i've never had a problem with the law...is this a prank? next thing i know, i hear this loud male voice in my ear. "sir, this is officer i'm a prick and i know it, and i need you up front now." well drat. wtf is going on? so i trudge the long way through the huge store back up front and find the officer. he proceeds to ask me if i saw a purse while i was outside cart pushing. nope, sure didn't officer. he of course, doesn't believe me. "well a lady lost her purse and says she saw you outside pushing carts at the time. " that's great officer. she probably saw me as i was heading back in for lunch so i wouldn't have wound up pushing her cart. "did you drive to work?" he asks me. yup. sure did. so he has me show him to my car. asks if he can look inside. i've got nothing to hide so i let him. he opens all the car doors, pops the hood and the trunk looking for this ladies purse. during the process of searching my car, he found a check my grandma wrote to my girlfriend for her birthday and took it. he also found an old id that a friend had left in my car that i never knew was there and gave me hell for having some else's id. quizzed me heavily about the check. told him it was a check from my grandmother to my girlfriend and she rode into work with me so she left it in the car. "oh, she's here too?" so...we go walking back into the store where he has me point her out so he can give her the check back. she glares at him and hands it right back to me. he then grabs it from my hand and gives it back to her and tells her not to give it to me again. she gives him the evil eye and says he's the one with the bank account, he's going to be cashing it for me, and as soon as you leave, he is going to be the one holding it again. with that she walked away. the cop looked pretty mad. he starts quizzing me if i have a locker in the back. nope, i don't. they only give lockers to girls. then he tries to coerce a confession out of me. not happening bud, i didn't do shit. finally he leaves. at this point it's been over 2 hours, he'd kept me from working and i was still off the clock from lunch. i went and raised hell with the managers, but all they did was tell me i'd be paid for the lost time and that was about it. so there we have it. the story of how i had to be guilty because in very busy shopping center, i was the only minimum wage peon in the area so it had to be my fault. edit: thanks to everyone who's reminded me what my rights are when dealing with a cop. rest assured, i am well aware of them. however, as i mentioned at the beginning of this story, this was 13 years ago, i was a punk teenager who had never been in trouble with the law, and honestly i had no clue and was completely freaked out that it was even being insinuated i was guilty of a crime.alright a bit of an over exaggeration but it was amazing. i used to work at a movie rental store (no not that one) and had an awesome crew but my boss was the best. he was a hard worker, would do anything and everything to help the store. he was behind the counter, out in the floor, cleaning ect. now this story is a time he was behind the counter helping check in movies as i helped checking people out. a couple came though the line and circled around to pick up the movies. we are supposed to tell people about movies that are coming out the next week but i always forgot, so my boss would pick up my slack. as the man in the couple picked up the films my boss loudly told him that p.s. i love you was coming out next week. but in the noise of the store it sounded like he only said i love you. the man had the most frightened look on his face and quickly looked at me and at his wife/girlfriend before stammering out "i.... love you too?" before practically running out the door. i was lost in a fit of giggles as my boss turned to me and asked why the hell the customer said he loved him. it took a little bit but i finally got him to understand. he stopped promoting that movie to customers after. tldr: boss announces love, customer returns it hesitantly.not your usual tfr story, but a story nonetheless. like most of us, i do actually enjoy my job. i get on great with my coworkers, i'm good at what i do, and generally enjoy going to work. aside from one little thing. my dm is a wretched person. i'll be told to follow a directive from her, follow it to the letter, then be yelled at for doing it. she lies, covers up major violations in her favorite stores, treats everyone else like garbage. she'll refuse our schedules if they have any semblance of break coverage. i even got an email from her talking trash about our store to another in the district that she sent us on accident and doesn't know we have. like really, she is terrible. i now dread speaking with her because she has a knack for making me feel about 2 inches tall regardless of what i do or how hard i work. saturday was the last straw. it was the final day of our fiscal year. we had a sales goal for the year, that if we made we would get a ft assistant management position opening in our store as we would have made enough to pay those hours and benefits. and our store had it all set up. we only have 9 employees in our store, and knew we would promote our pt assistant manager ft, and i would would fill the pt slot. so we hustled. we made and then exceeded our goal. pumped. we were so pumped. we worked so hard this year to make it and it paid off. so our pt emailed our dm to inform her we made it and she would like to apply, and our dm replies that she appreciated the offer but we needed an additional 50k to open that position. after telling us all year otherwise. i have never been so crushed at work. ever. i spent the past year not complaining about her for fear of being denied this promotion and now it's gone. now i have nothing to lose. i've made the call am waiting to hear back from our head of hr to discuss everything. i've started applying for other jobs just in case i get fired over this. today i take a stand, and quite possibly lose the best job i've ever had because i can't do it anymore. edit: called back, dude is on the other line. calling again in 20. edit 2: just got off the phone with him. he seemed very shocked and taken aback by everything i heard. told me he was going to speak to my rm who is conveniently out there for meetings so he'll have face time with her. he's going to speak to my store manager and be sure to address her concerns as well to solve this without retaliation being a thing. i work at one of the largest department store companies in the country. unfortunately one of our higher end competitors give customers everything they want, so it sets them up for the conversation i had with a customer on the phone the other day. i was working the fragrance counter when a customer calls. me: thank you for calling red star department store, fragrances, how may i help you? customer: hi, i was in your store the other day and purchased a $120 bottle of perfume, but today it broke. is there any way i can exchange it for a new one? me: definitely! did it stop spraying or the cap bust or something? customer: no, i knocked it off of my counter and it busted all over my floor. i have the glass in a bag, i can bring it in. me: so you dropped a glass bottle on the floor and it shattered and you think that's our responsibility? i'm sorry but we're not liable for that. there's nothing we can do to replace the bottle. customer: thats ridiculous, higher end retailer would never blame me for this! me: then you should probably buy your next fragrance from there. *hangs up*my friend and his family have owned a typical, little convenience store in a rough neighborhood for more than fifteen years. he and his family are legal immigrants from lebanon and *nothing* scares him! he's had people try and rob him on occasion, but if he's behind the counter it's guaranteed they will be unsuccessful. these are two of my favorite stories (i wish you could hear them in his voice!) i will refer to him as j and customers as tm (troublemakers) one evening, four, rough-looking guys came in and went straight to the counter to look at the large bottles of liquor on the shelves behind my friend. j: good evening! may i help you? tm: yeah... how much is that bottle? (tm then pulls out a huge belt knife and uses it to point to the largest bottle on the top shelf.) his friends are trying to muffle their laughter. j ( who then pulls out his .44 s&amp;w out of his waistband and points it to the same bottle): you mean this one, here? he said the instant silence was priceless! tm mumbled something and they quickly left. another time, close to closing, another tm came in and quickly pulled out a handgun, went to the counter and said, " quick, old man, give all your money in the drawer!" j stays calm with the gun pointed at his head, and says, " okay...okay...let me get it for you." j opens the till, calmly takes out all the bills, stacks them into one pile and sets it on the counter directly between them. when tm shifts his eyes to look at the stack of money, j snatched the gun right out of tm's hand and begins to examine it. j: you didn't really plan this very well, did you? you know, you could have pawned this for a lot more than what's in that pile right there. (vaguely points the gun at tm) i think you should just leave right now before something bad happens, yes? i loved hearing him tell me his stories! edit 1: those of you who've asked for more stories of "j", i will. some asshole broke my pc and i've only had my phone to do this, so it might take me a few of days. i will tell "j" of his fans at reddit! edit 2: apparently this post was accidently deleted because it was two stories in one post. right after i split them into two seperate posts, a mod found it and put it back up! so, if you see the other two, please don't be cross that they are the same stories...i'm just too tired to take them down. i will be posting a couple more soon... edit 3: okay, i deleted the two separate stories because i just know that they would give everyone false hope of a new story and then they'd be angry with me.so i had a customer come up to me this morning asking if a product worked for whatever he needed and i responded with "absolutely, it does". customer: why do you say absolutely? me: what do you mean? what do you prefer me to say? customer: just don't say absolutely, i don't like people saying that to me. me: umm, okay... customer: do you have "product" anywhere? without thinking i respond with "absolutely, if you follow that wall *points to wall* it's to the left. at this point he got very annoyed and just walked away. no idea why he didn't like the word but i usually use it since it sounds polite in my language. i work at a grocery store, and yesterday i had the pleasure of babysitting the customers who decided to try their luck at self-checkout. about half way through my shift, we were pretty slow. we had about 11 registers open, not including the four self-checkout registers, and not many customers. this woman walks up to one of the self-checkout registers and begins to scan her items. a couple items in, she looks at me and gives me the "come here" motion with her finger. as i am walking towards her, i begin the question, "yes, ma'am?" only to be interrupted by a coupon being shoved into my face and the rude lady (rl for the rest of the story) saying "put this in for me." the conversation goes as follows: &gt;me: you want me to put the coupon in for you? &gt;rl: i don't know how to do this. i am not a checker! (she says this while waving the coupon about two inches from my face with each word. she then shoves the coupon into my hand when she is done.) &gt;me: when you're done scanning your items, hit the "pay now" button and it will tell you how to scan your coupons. (i say this as i toss the coupon back onto her register) so she continues scanning her items, throwing things that she no longer wants into the candy bin behind her. as i am retrieving some of these misplaced items, she stops coworker (cw) who is walking by to help her ring up some avocados. &gt;rl: help we with these avocados, i don't know how to work this. &gt;cw: oh, this is how you do it... (he proceeds to type in the code for her and explains how she could do it herself for future reference). &gt;rl: god, i better get put onto the payroll when i'm finished here! lady, you're the one who decided to go through self-checkout.okay, time for another story from the grocery store deli. while the store itself is open 24 hours, the deli and meat departments, which are right next to each other, close at 9pm. the meat department closes right at 9 and they are usually gone soon after. in the deli, we have a little more cleaning to do after we're technically closed, so we'll be around until close to 9:30pm. so the other day i get this lady that approaches me as i'm finishing up our closing tasks. she asks where something in the meat department is. since we're right next to each, i know my way around the department pretty well and know where stuff is. she was asking about something that was on sale that week. i took her to where it was and showed her. she says "no that's not what i'm looking for". english obviously wasn't her first language, so i thought maybe i misunderstood, so i asked her to repeat it. yep, we're standing directly in front of it. she then pulls out the weekly ad and points at what she wants. i point at the product right in front of us. her "no, this." (pointing again) i then pick up the product, and put it next to the ad, to show her this is what's in the ad. she says no again. then she gives up and walks away, mumbling something about how i need to learn to do my job. ugh, not even my department. so i work at a zoo located in the general location of not america. my job mostly involves helping customers sign up for 1-year membership passes. occasionally, we have those trying to sign up for a membership after purchasing tickets. it's not usually a problem, seeing as we can refund the cost and let the customer only pay the difference. this german man walked in with his family, looking to sign up for a membership. (i'm assuming german because of his heavy accent). on reaching my co-worker's counter, he mentioned that he had already bought tickets and asked if we could refund the cost. cue the conversation. co worker: m german guy: g m: not a problem sir, i can refund you the ticket cost. all i need is your receipt. (we need the receipt to ensure he bought the tickets) g: why do you need my receipt??! m: ... [insert aforementioned spiel] g: why? are you accusing me of fraud??! m: no... we just- g: this is ridiculous! i don't need to give my receipt! just do your job quickly! we eventually found out the bastard just lost his receipt.when i was much younger i used to work as a server at a popular rotisserie chicken restaurant. it wasn't a fancy joint, being more of a fast-food dine in chain that made food that wasn't horrible, but nothing special. i typically handled small booths and tables of 5-6 people each, but on this night i had my usual section plus an additional party of about 15 people to juggle all at once. the worst is when everyone in a large party orders some kind of speciality drink, one person wanting a mojito prepared a certain way, or a double shot of this or that. this party ordered a ton of drinks, one of which was a bloody caesar ordered by an older gentleman. after delivering the order to the bar, i went about taking care of my regular tables and delivering the drinks and meals as they became available. after about 10 minutes, the caesar wasn't yet ready, and i kept getting looks from the old man as i brought everyone else their drinks. another 5 minutes go by and the drink still wasn't ready, despite my inquiries at the bar, and the old man points to his watch with a displeased look on his face. i apologized and made a beeline for the bar, where i asked the bartender to just make the drink before the old man blew a gasket, and i stood there waiting. as i waited, a young couple came up to the bar to pay for their dinner. they had a tiny little girl with them, about 4 years old, who came and stood right next to me as i waited. i paid little attention to them, as i was stressing about my tables and the orders as they invariably piled up as i waited. when the drink finally arrived, i don't know if it was just stress, excitement, or a lack of attention and focus on my behalf, but i grabbed that drink with the force of a thousand behemoths, causing the liquid in the glass to fly up and out and down all over the little girl's face standing next to me. bloody caesar all over this child's innocent little smile and yellow jacket. in slow motion, i looked down, realized what happened, looked up, saw the parents glare at me with a look of death that would rival luigi's, and back down to the child. i uttered something that sounded like an apology before running to the kitchen to grab some paper towel, and back out again to give it to the parents who looked like they were going to stab me with the nearest fork. but before they could act on their murderous thoughts, the little girl piped up and said 'good thing i was wearing my rain jacket huh daddy?' in the most charming and nonchalant way imaginable. the parents both laughed, their anger suddenly taken away by their daughter's adorable observation, and the father simply said 'oh suzy.' they actually smiled at me as i apologized and i felt my sudden fear vanish. i got that old fucker his caesar and couldn't have cared less about the way he stared at me or what he thought. it's just a drink, one of many drinks he'll have in his life. the little girl, and her ability to break through the conventional reactions that adults have, left me with a great memory and lesson, which is to never get stressed out because even when bad things happen, there's always a positive perspective to be found. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** most of the time, my customers like to take their time shopping. they'll browse up and down the aisles, watch some videos, growls some more, then back to the videos. i actually prefer it when shoppers take their time. we get to show off all of our stuff, and help them pick out something they'll really enjoy. this story is not about those shoppers. one evening, a guy literally runs into the tent and shoves $300 into my hands. **guy:** “i need $300 of the best stuff you got, fast.” **me:** “okay” **guy:** “i need to be back at my house in less than five minutes. they’re watching me.” **me:** (oookayyyy?!?) “do you want smaller stuff that lasts longer, or do you want larger stuff that's more impressive?” **guy:** “i want the boom!” i handed the money to the cashier and told her to ring the guy up for $300, grabbed one of my stockers, and hit the floor. i headed straight for our big stuff and started grabbing my favorite items off of the shelf, handing them to the stocker, who was running back and forth like a madman, piling up fireworks on the counter. i kept a running tally in my head, and quickly grabbed about $330 worth of stuff. **me:** “that's around $330 of fireworks. does that work for you?” **guy:** “is that the boom?” **me:** “that is definitely the boom!” we grabbed all of his stuff and raced out to his car, quickly filling his back seat and trunk with fireworks. he jumped in the car and tore out of the parking lot like he was being chased by a demon. my stocker and i were laughing out loud and talking abotu the guy when we walked back into the tent. **me:** “that was insane. that might be the quickest $300 sale i’ve ever made.” **cashier:** “did you hear him when he said why he had to get home so fast?” **me:** “no. what up?” **cashier:** (laughing) “he was wearing an ankle monitor. he’s under house arrest, and he said it checks every 10 minutes to make sure he’s at home.” now that’s a guy that loves his fireworks. sadly, i haven’t seen him back, so i’m guessing his case didn’t go so well. **invite!** for my wonderful new reddit friends, if you’re in the orlando area and you don’t have plans for nye, feel free to join our party, and ring in the new year…in a shopping center parking lot standing next to a tent full of explosives. i’ll provide plenty of pizza, snacks, and whatever i can convince my mom to cook. bring your favorite chilled beverage and a lawn chair. at midnight, weather permitting, i’m going to “bring out the boom” and try and put a crater in the parking lot. the fun starts around 10pm. hope to see you there. craig (aka fred flintstone) ------- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](doing this on mobile, so i apologize if the format is a bit wonky. anyway, for the past 8 months or so, i've worked at a local chain retail store. this is one of my favorite moments from working there. i was doing what i normally do, stacking things on the pasta aisle and making sure everything's in the right spot. you know, the usual stuff. after doing this for an hour or so, i hear a voice behind me. "well, why don't we just ask this young man right here?" i spin around and see an older gentleman, sitting in one of those motorized scooters department stores have, talking to his wife. they start making their way (very slowly as you would imagine) down my aisle, but his wife passes me with a frown and says "no, i know where it's at, i don't need anyone's help" the man then rides up next to me and tells me with huge tint of sarcasm "oh nevermind... i guess we know where it's at after all". this gave us both a chuckle. immediately after, he speeds off to catch up to his wife, who is a few feet from rounding the corner of the aisle. he gets between the aisle she is turning on and herself, and waits for her to start turning. when she finally starts rounding the corner in front of his little scooter, the man takes his walking cane out of his scooter basket, and in one quick motion, taps his wife on the butt and starts to whistle. shocked and red in the face, his wife asks "did you just spank my bottom?" with a smile, he states "it's hard not to with an ass like that babe" and turns around and gives me a thumbs up and rides off. i hear her mumble "gosh, i love you" and she continues on her way with a huge smile. at this point, i'm standing there, with this goofy look on my face, and i can only say one thing. i hope when i get that age, my future wife and i are still full of love and life just like they were. so thank you, mr. scooter man, for making one employee's day. edit: man, you guys are awesome, i'm glad you all like it! i actually see them from time to time, and mr. scooter man always comes to my department and we chit chat for a bit. he's a really awesome guy.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. **story:** you can’t imagine the things people offer to trade for fireworks. in my business, the barter system is alive and well, and i'm always willing to listen to a trade proposal. heck, i’ve even made more than a few barter offers myself. here are a few of the things i’ve bartered for over the years. * my 6 x 12 dual axle utility trailer was paid for half in cash, and half in fireworks. * this past year, i had a gentleman trade me silver eagle coins for fireworks. * i’ve traded advertising and promotional spots for fireworks. * i’ve traded pizza and catering for fireworks. * i’ve traded on site electrical work for fireworks. * my chilled water dispenser was a trade for fireworks that i bartered off of craigslist. but my favorite trade by far, happened three years ago this new year's eve. a guy walked into my tent and asked to speak to the manager. the company he worked for was throwing a new year's eve party, and he wanted to know if i would be interested in doing a trade for fireworks. i told him maybe, and asked what they wanted to trade. he led me outside to his suv and popped the back. i can only hope that one day, when i eventually die and i arrive at the pearly gates to be greeted by st. peter, that i experience the joy and amazement that i felt at that very moment. there, beaming up at me from the back of that magical suv, were more than 3 dozen bottles of premium spirits. there were a dozen bottles each of makers mark, and knob creek. the rest were assorted high end bottles of scotch, vodka, and whiskey, with two bottles of whiskey in a plain white label that were sent to distributors for tasting and we're not on the market yet (they were fantastic). it turns out that he worked for a local liquor distributor, and i can guarantee you that they had an amazing fireworks show that new year's eve. my employees were also very happy with their additional nye bonus. ------- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](first post, be nice! backstory: so i'm 20 and work part time in a major uk supermarket. our store is unlike most supermarkets in that there is no nearby car-park, and is located in the city centre. i am the 'lucky' person that gets to supervise the self-service checkouts. there is 9 in total for one person to supervise. one particularly busy period an obnoxious middle aged woman (omaw) interrupted me whilst i was helping another customer and demanded i show her how to use the machine. i asked her to please be patient until i had finished helping the current customer and that i would be right with her. when i got around to helping her, she had already attempted to use the machine herself, and had of course failed to follow any of the on screen instructions and had every possible error occurring at once. me: ok you've actually put your items on the wrong side of the checkout which is why you're getting these errors. don't worry a lot of people make that mistake. i'll just sort it for you. omaw: (huffs, sighs, tuts etc) me: is this your first time using one of these machines then? omaw: yes i'm in a big hurry, i've just parked my car outside because i needed a couple of things before i go home. (i glance up to where she indicated and see her car parked literally outside the front door of the store, right in the middle of a bus lane.) me: right so all you have to do is... (i explain the procedure and even process a couple of items for her). ok? omaw: yes fine. (i then go and help another machine that requires approval for alcohol before i get another tap on my shoulder) omaw: the stupid machine is broken me: well let's have a look. ok you've actually put all your items into the bagging area, but none have been scanned. omaw: yes i did what you told me to do me: well i'm afraid none of your items have registered if you did try to scan them, let's put them through again. (this time i process her entire basket just to try and get rid of her) omaw: you can't tell me what to do. you're probably not even out of your teens. you have no right to tell me i did it wrong, no right at all. you're just a stupid little boy. me: (quite obviously shocked at the outburst) i was simply telling you what you may have done wrong. omaw: why do they hire young people when they are so rude. where is your manager? (i personally love it when this happens. so i go and get the manager, causing more delays for herself and the 8 other machines i'm supposed to be helping as well as a queue of people which has now formed) man(ager): hello there what seems to be the problem? omaw: yes this idiot you've employed is being very rude man: well we take abuse in out store very seriously, if i could just take some details off you. (omaw gives name, address and telephone number) man: ok thank you for that. i'd like to now tell you that you will be placed on the list of customers banned from the store. i will not tolerate abuse to my staff. good day. omaw: what? i work for the council, you can't do that. man: i'm afriad i can, now are you going to leave or shall i call security to escort you off the premises? omaw: i'm going, but i will close this store down, just you wait until i get back to the office. man: ok then have a nice evening. omaw storms out of the store, gets into her illegaly parked car and drives the wrong way down a one way road straight into the path of an oncoming police car, who gives her a fixed penalty notice on the spot, all right outside the front of the store. omaw looks around exasperated, and then looks straight at me as i stand there staring right back, with a huge grin on my face. tl;dr: middle aged council worker was unnecessarily rude to me, was banned from store and received a fine from the police. edit: wow! my first entry hit the front page of this sub! i'd just like to point out that my first language isn't english, so you'll have to bear with me. i tried making it good. just found this sub and really wanted to share this story! so, i used to work at a tool store and we had quite a lot of tools to choose from. relevant to the story: i do work on my own and friends cars in my free time and that experience usually came in handy when finding the appropriate tools for people. anyway, one day a guy comes in through the doors and he has "the look". now, most people might not be familiar with the look, but anyone having worked in retail or the general service industry knows it. it's the look you get from people that are much, much better than you and you should be grateful that they want to grace you with their presence. yep, this guy was one of them. anyway, the guy walks towards me and with a whiff of arrogance, not too strong, yet ascertaining his dominance, barks: "do you have any "insert specific tool brand" wrenches?" "unfortunately i don't, sir, but i do have "insert different brand", which is at least **as** good, if not better" &lt;-- it wasn't a lie. he said something demeaning - i can't quite remember what it was - but brushed it off and i guided him to the relevant section. while showing him our strongest wrenches, i made a point of telling him where they were made, how they were better than others, etc, as he had suggested that he wanted quality. he cut me off and with slightly more arrogance than initially and without even bothering looking at me, said: "yeah, yeah, that's what you're supposed to say" combined with his tone and body language, he heavily insinuat that i had no idea what i was talking about and didn't have the faintest idea on how to use tools. i really can't do this guy justice with my writing skills. he was a class act. a bit surprised by his attitude, i replied with "the shipyard in town buys these wrenches from us and they say that they're unbelievably strong and durable", to which he replied, again arrogantly, "yeah, right! ofcourse you'd say that! they'd better be fucking strong for what i'm going to use them for. i've already snapped a 19mm "insert preferred brand" wrench" snapping a wrench is not normal, especially not one of the brand he was using, so i asked, "what is it you're trying to do, if you don't mind me asking?" while heavily hinting that i had no understanding of what he was doing, he replied with: "i'm replacing the balljoints on my car and the upper ones are so fucking stuck, that the wrench snapped as i was prying one of them out" and starting turning away, as not to waste more time on me. i was, as always, friendly and polite throughout our entire interaction and with the exact same manner i said: "well, no wonder you can't get it out - you're doing it wrong" he stopped dead in his tracks, turned his head to look at me and said: "what?" me: "you're saying that **one** of the upper **balljoints** is stuck, which tells me that it's some kind of volkswagen. correct?" with a dumbfounded look and while turning around to fully face me again, he replied "yes...?" i now had his full attention. "...and since it has multiple balljoints, it's going to be one of the larger volkswagens. is it a passat?" he looked at me in disbelief and replied: "uhm, yes it is" me: "yeah, you're not getting that balljoint off like that. i could sell you one off these wrenches and you'd most likely snap it as well." and then i really started enjoying myself as i had to explain captain arrogance here, how and why he had to do it differently. i continued: "see, a balljoint is tapered and when they start to rust, they get *really* stuck. you need to remove the bolt that goes through the recess and hit the knuckle with a hammer. *don't* start hitting the balljoint, as you'll be doing it for a week and nothing will happen. hit the knuckle!" i have to admit. i felt pretty god damn awesome right then, as i had proven to this arrogant fool that i was actually much more qualified than he was, despite not having acted like an asshole. him, while still trying to keep his composure: "uhm... well, i guess i'll go home and try that. i'm still going to need the wrench, though, as mine is ruined" the guy came back the following day and with a big ass smile on his face, he said to me: "i hit it twice, then it was out!" he treated me respectfully ever since.sorry for the length, i got a bit carried away. **tl;dr woman tries to bring back abused cat, gets arrested.** **backround** i own a 15 acre plot of land that is part animal shelter and part pet store. all of the money made from the pet store goes back to restocking and helping out the shelter. the shelter has many different types of animals. we take the normal dogs, cats and rabbits. but we also take birds, gerbils, reptiles (snakes lizards ect.), guinea pigs, horses and even the occasional raccoon or possum. each animal species gets around an acre or two (horses get three) and they have that area to roam around and be free (cats have an outdoor fenced in area to sit outside without getting out). this system is the only way i started this place up. my sister is the only vet so it can get pretty hectic. the store is like a little pet boutique and we frequently get pet brands to donate items to our store. **story** christmas is over and the people from retail can relax, right? my store offers a 30 day money back guarantee for all items sold in the store. the shelter offers a 1 week trial period for all animals. if the animal doesn't fit with your family or household, you can bring it back no questions asked, but there is a fee of 75 dollars out of the original 250 that the animal costs. now our busiest time of year for pet adoptions are the holidays. not a surprise, parents getting their children cats or dogs or whatever is normal. but it doesn't always end up well. yesterday, a woman that looked to be in her late thirties, early forties came in the store with a box. from now on we'll call her ch. the conversation went like this: ch: 'hello! i got this kitten for my mother but she didn't like it. i remember somebody saying that i could give her back, no questions asked?' me: 'hi there! yes we do offer a one week trial period. do you have the papers so we can see the details of your adoption?' ch: 'sure! let me just grab them from my purse... there they are, here you go!' now at this point i'm just thinking that this is going to be easy and fast. me: 'thank you so much! one moment while i read over it' right off the bat i see that she adopted the cat a week and a half ago. that's alright, i could make an exception. reading farther i see that the kitten was in perfect health. great so we should have no problem me: 'so i see you got this kitten a week and a half ago, but i could make an exception just this once. is there any other reason you didn't want her anymore?' ch: 'my mother said she keeps on limping and her fur is super matted. its a shame though, she was so sweet.' now that interested me. i opened up the box and what do you know, there's a kitten showing signs of abuse. blood on her fur and visible open wounds. i told her i would be just a moment and took the poor thing to my sister to get some x-rays done. just by looking at her you can tell she was abused and the x-ray confirmed that her hind leg was broken. i go up to the woman and tell her what my sister told me. ch: 'are you accusing my mother of abusing this cat?! thats absurd!' me: 'miss i'm only telling you the obvious. it's obvious that this animal has been abused. there is evidence of somebody kicking her legs and its broken. that is why she limps.' ch: 'how dare you! my mother does not abuse animals! i will just take that cat back thank you very much.' me: 'i'm sorry but i cannot give you the kitten back.' ch: 'i will sue you! where is the manager let me speak to the manager' me: miss im the owner. please leave my store before i call the police. ch: 'no i will not leave you cant make me!' by now my sister has called the police and after about ten minutes of trying to get this lady to leave the police show up. once we show them the evidence they arrest ch for animal abuse. i got a call later saying that she refused to pay the fine and is now looking at a month jail time. the kitten on the other hand is going to be just fine. a few weeks in a cast and a few stitches and she will be just fine. edit: wow i'm so surprised this got so popular! i'm on my lunch break at the moment and your comments are so heartwarming. i have many other stories for ya'll and would love to share! my sister is actually going to be taking the cat for her three year old son since their old cat died about a year ago. they named her 'coco'. :)it never ceases to amaze me how one can ask a person nicely to not punch a button that will piss off a lot of people at once. at my store, when i work graveyard shifts, i tend to clock in 15 minutes before my shift so i can get the 2pm to 10pm person out at 10 and not have them sit around waiting on me so they get out at 10:15pm. i do that because i also clock out at 5:45am the next morning, so i get my 8 hours for the day. saturday, may 23, 2015 at 10:09 pm the headache started. while out checking the outside trashcans for any that may need changing, i see a guy punch my emergency pump shut off button (epsob), which as the name implies, immediately shuts down all of my gas pumps causing me to have to go reset them in the back office. after witnessing his action on my defenseless button, i ask him not to do that again because of what it does. typical whatever reaction from him, and he roams around the store for a few minutes. in that time he's browsing, i have 9 people come in that i already know will pay for gas first then wait to pump. i get a few of those customers out of the door and they start fueling when i ring up mr. troublesome. i tell him his total, he pays, apologizes for punching my epsob, and leaves. a second after that, all of the gas pump icons on my register's screen go gray, which means he hit the button again, causing me to have to go reset my pumps, again. after that is settled and i put the remaining balances of all 9 customers back on their pumps so they can finish fueling, i go to clean up around the store, typical things like mopping, wiping things down, facing my store, all of that. around 11:30, a van pulls up and a group of hispanic, male youths hop out and start standing on the sidewalk in front of my store. 6 people are currently fueling at this point in time, when my pump icons go gray yet again. i walk outside to see what was happening and they're shoving each other, having a good time (can't fault them for enjoying themselves with a small bit of rough housing, honestly). i ask them to move away from the button because one of them caused my pumps to go down. i hear numerous variations in spanish and english of "i don't understand what you're saying", typical response. one gives the thumbs up, and they go huddle around their van for a few. i walk back in and resume cleaning only to have 4 people walk in,visibly angry, and all want to know what is wrong with their pumps. sure enough, the icons are, yet again, grayed out. causing me to go hit the pump reset button for the 4th time in only 2 hours into my shift. i apologize to these customers, explain someone hit that no-no button, and that i can fix the problem easily, but ask for just a minute for the systems to initialize. everyone's good to go to finish their fueling, until i see one of the hispanic youths walk up, smack the button, and just stands in front of my store grinning ear to ear. i don't know what it is with people, but that is just nonsense. i'm quite glad it was a somewhat easy night, wasn't too happy about having to police my epsob for about a half hour though. edit: saturday was may 23rd, not the 24th. i shouldn't type things when i get home, i guess.some context: recently, our managers decided that they weren't going to look up purchase history unless they really had to because the system is slow and they have more important things to do. we used to just have an unwritten policy that we wouldn't outright tell customers we could do it unless they asked, but that's since changed to us having to play press secretary and weaseling our way out of it. it hasn't been fun. that said, this happened last night at my warehouse club, probably about twenty minutes to closing. we still had some people in the store, which is typical and not bothersome, and three guys who are about thirty come up to my counter. one shall be named adamant dude. &gt; me: hi, how can i help you? ad sets a perfectly folded dress shirt on the counter. &gt;ad: hi, yes. i would like to return this. &gt; me: sure, no problem! do you have your membership card? he sets it down on the counter and also tells me he has no receipt. &gt; me: not a problem. is store credit okay? &gt;ad: well, i would really prefer back on my card, but if not, that's fine. &gt;me: okay, great! as long as it's within 90 days of purchase, it's not a problem. &gt;ad: it should be, yes. so far, so good, right? well, if that was the case, i wouldn't be writing this, now would i? i begin looking around the shirt for the price tag, which seems to be missing. i start squeezing the shirt all around and still can't find anything. i look up the brand in the computer, but the closest thing we have is an article number for a discontinued plaid dress shirt, and the one he gave me is solid green. if he bought this shirt from us, it's no longer in our system. fudge. &gt; me: you wouldn't happen to have the price tag with you, would you? &gt;ad: no, i'm afraid not. you must have my purchase history on my card, right? you can look it up. &gt; me: i can't, sorry. i don't have access to that. &gt;ad: well, get me somebody who can. i don't care if it's a manager or corporate, somebody can do it. (internal sigh, oh jesus...) &gt; me: just a moment, let me get my walkie. (into walkie) hey, lp? call me at the desk real quick. the discussion is basically my lp manager telling me to tell him i can't do the refund, but that she'll be up there soon enough anyway. &gt; me: okay, sir, i'm sorry, but i can't do the refund. &gt;ad: what do you mean you can't do the refund? you don't understand. i want my money back! you can give me my refund, i know you can! and here, ladies and gentlemen, is where i became a man. &gt; me: no, sir, you don't understand. i'm an hourly employee. i don't have access to information as sensitive as purchase history. i can't look it up for you. if i tried to do that, i could lose my job. that said, i've got literally nothing to go on. i've got no receipt, i've got no price tag, i've got nothing in the system that even matches the item you brought me, so even if you had all those things, you bought this shirt so long ago that the system wouldn't even recognize it as ours. so no, i can't do your refund. ad and his friends stare at me like they got the wind knocked out of them. i raise my eyebrow. &gt;ad: well, i guess i'll just come back tomorrow. i'll keep it, i guess, see if my brother wants it. and then he lets out this oh so original gem. &gt;ad: i guess i'll just have to go down the street to competitor's and shop there. &gt; me: hah! have at it, hoss. you go right ahead. that said, my manager will be here shortly if you want to see if she'll do anything. &gt;ad: no, that's okay. i'm running late anyway. i have to go. and the guy and his friends leave, unknowingly crossing paths with my manager on the way out. and you know what, guys? it felt good.i posted previously about this [manager] ( i had. this girl was the epitome of dumb blonde. like i said in the last post, she didn't like to call the corporate line to have items in the store fixed. one of our light fixtures started to fall out of the ceiling, hanging on by only the cord the light was attached to in the ceiling. it was a real eye sore and customers would crack jokes about it. one day, she comes to me, the tallest person working that day, and asks if i'll fix it if she gets me the tools. i oblige, and off she goes to the back room. maybe 5 minutes later she returns. with a glue stick. i had to hold my tongue and think long and hard about how to approach. in fact, i'm sure i gave her 30 seconds of the stupid blink. &gt;manager, i don't think that will work. she looks at the glue stick and replies: &gt;it says it's permanent. *distant vapid blink blink* i take more deep breaths. &gt;manager, glue sticks won't even hold my craft paper together. she just turned and disappeared back into the back room. i could no longer contain my fit of laughter. when we met with our dm to talk about why she wasn't fit to run our store, i relaid this story. i told him i didn't feel any confidence in a manager like that. and this was my favorite story about her. tonight i was manning the register at the local store/pharmacy/photo lab amalgamation from hell. a couple of old ones came in with their demon spawn. i could hear his cries throughout the entire temple. that is, until he found the sacred pedestal of toy cars. damn. double damn. this will ruin everything. i put it in the back of my mind and start the cleansing ritual for the night. after a while the old ones, demon spawn in tow, come up to my magic box to check out. all the while, the demonic child screams eldritch curses, little yellow car in hand. &gt;ph'nglui mglw'nafh buy me this car wgah'nagl fhtagn the old ones are not pleased, and he is denied his prize. fits were had. primal screams echoed throughout. the car is carelessly tossed in a bin of candy by the register. i think nothing of it. the old ones finished paying, and the demon spawn is oddly silent. i must finish the cleansing, so i bid them farewell and walk to the other side of the counter to finish my task. i finish up my task and decide i should begin the cleansing again. but first! i must retrieve the discarded car, the idol must be placed back on it's pedestal. i must finish the sacred rite of cleansing or i'll be put to the fire. i reach for the idol, and am denied. it's gone! i curse the demon spawn and move to assess the damages. the temple lies in ruins. cars everywhere, dozens of them. damn. i quickly preform the cleansing, and go to let the elder gods know what has transpired. the elder gods consult the all-seeing-eye, and peer into the past. as the old ones are leaving, the demon spawn stays behind. he picks up the car, and puts his arms behind his back, hiding his shame from the old ones. that little shit. he stole one of the idols. luckily, the elder gods do not put me to the fire. they quickly magic up an image of the old ones and bestow upon me the gift of power. i am to banish the old ones and their demon spawn if they dare to set foot in the temple again. i am pleased. mostly pleased that i am not on fire.i used to work at a fairly large grocery chain as a cashier. there are a few incidents that i remember, but this is one of the worst. one day i was very tired at work. can't remember why, but i think it involved an all-nighter. however, i was still doing my very best to do my job well. i prided myself in my good speed and service. the problem is you could very easily tell i was tired (yawning, etc.). so i was putting through customers like normal and i had just finished one order and was starting the next one. i scanned the bacon at the start of her order, when she told me that it wasn't her bacon. i realized that it must have fallen over the divider from the previous order, and i stopped the woman before she left the lane. it was in fact hers, and it turned out that she had balanced it on top of her cereal boxes, so when the belt moved it fell back. no problem, i put it through as a separate order and rang it up. nothing out of the ordinary right? except then she turned to me as she left and said, &gt;you know, just because you're tired, doesn't give you an excuse to do a bad job. hearing that when i was that tired almost made me have a breakdown. [next story -&gt;](i work at a pizza place. guy comes in, middle ages hispanic guy. me: "are you here for a pickup?" guy: "yes, (name), is it done yet?" me: "yes it is sir, it'll be $11.91." he takes this massive wad of cash, held together somehow by this money clip, takes out all of the hundreds and fifties that are tightly bunched together around it. starts counting them. mind you, we can't take hundreds nor fifties. however, he was being such a douche about counting them slowly while licking his finger, and repeat, that i let him go on. i let him go for about a minute or two, turns out there's about $8000 in this wad of cash. finally hands me one fifty-dollar bill. i felt so great while i said. me: "i'm sorry sir, we cannot take fifties" guy: "alright" hands me a hundred me:"sorry no hundreds either" guy: "why the fuck wouldnt you tell me that while im counting all my hundreds?" me: "do you have any other form of payment?" guy: "bullshit, where's your manager" me: "hey, (managers name) do we take hundreds or fifties?" manager: "no we can't, company policy" keep in mind this fiasco has lasted 4 minutes now, pizza on the counter is getting cold. guy: while taking out a twenty from his pocket in all of 3 seconds. "fine, here you go" lesson learned: don't be a dick about paying with hundred dollar bills, you're not cool or anything. or i will inconvenience you.there was an incident regarding a customer touching a coworker, who we'll call sammy. obviously sammy didn't like the touching that was going on (light touches to her waist and hips, shoulders), so she told her mother, who also works at the store. the mother, who we shall call ingrid, filed a sexual harassment claim. some legal stuff went down and the dude was ordered to pay compensation, to the tune of $6,500. yesterday, i'm in the employee lounge clocking off from work, chatting to ingrid before leaving. i've gone maybe two steps before a regular customer spots ingrid inside, walks past me, opens the door, and lets fly. a customer going into the employee lounge alone is a big, **big** no no. we rarely allow customers to use the bathroom if they are desperate, but an employee always accompanies them. so i rush back inside to hear them exchange raised voices about this harassment report. &gt;customer: you are a scammer! my husband only touched her shoulder! &gt;ingrid: there is camera footage of there being a whole lot more than that going on! check your facts before you come in here blue in the face! &gt;customer: i'm a regular customer! sammy knows me! &gt;ingrid: nobody touches an employee. nobody. get out of my workplace, now! they go back and forth, with a coworker and i caught between, until the customer eventually leaves. ingrid fumes in the break room, and i track down the manager and explain the ordeal. the manager, kim, is never afraid to put customers in their place, and she was pissed. she stormed into the break room, asked what happened, and then tried finding the customer, to no avail. the customer was immediately banned from the store for verbal assault of an employee, and we were told to use the distress call over the pa if we ever see her. i saw her today. i make the call, and the manager storms out to where i pointed. words are exchanged, and the customer shrieks, "i'm a regular customer!!" as cool as ice, kim says, "not anymore. get out." the kicker? the cream of the crop? the report was filed and dealt with *two years ago.* **tl;dr: a man was found guilty of sexual harassment of an employee and had to pay compensation. two years later, his wife verbally attacks the employee's mother in the employee lounge. she is banned and kicked out the next day by the manager.**whilst i do work in retail, in a fairly large supermarket, i've never really had a customer complain. however, on a rare day off, i managed to somehow attract an irate customer. my mum turned 48 last friday and i was able to wrangle the day off to take her out. she loves antiques and quirky bric-a-brac things, so i took her out and told her i'd buy her one such item. there's a good few shops specialising in funky antiques and whatever else in a nearby seaside town, so we went there for the day. we were in one of these shops, and there was only one other customer looking around in the same room as us, whilst the owner was in the next room with another customer. while looking, my mum found a fireguard that she wanted. i told her i thought it would look great in the living room, but it would be much too heavy to take home on the train. there was a sign at the till detailing the prices for local delivery (free if you spent over £30, £5 if not) which i read to my mum, before continuing browsing on my own, while she went into the next room. recalling the situation logically, the other customer in the room must of heard me telling my mum the prices, and thought i worked there, not knowing we were mother and daughter. as i wandered back across the room, the customer grabbed me, and this pleasant exchange came to happen. this customer shall be called rb (short for rude bitch). **rb:** you! get me a box, now! these delivery prices are extortionate, and i simply refuse to pay them. **me:** *(i laugh rudely, realising what's happened, but decide to have some fun.)* it's hardly as if i set the prices is it? **rb:** you, your manager, whoever. i don't care. if you don't have a box then perhaps pop over to the business next door and get one. **me:** what makes you think it's my job to? **rb:** as a sales assistant, i'm certain you should be assisting me and helping me meet my needs. listen, i'm not paying for delivery, just get me a box and i'll happily carry the fucking vase home. **me:** i don't even live in this town, nor do i work in this shop or even have the remotest interest in doing so. but if i did work here, this would be the part where i refuse a sale and tell you to fuck off. sadly i'm just another customer like you, so i can't really do that. my mum and the owner then walked back in the room. the owner shot rb a death glare, and simply said "i'm the manager, i can tell you to do *exactly* that. on your way please." as rb did the walk of shame out of the door, the owner me to choose something to keep for free, as an apology for my terrible shopping experience in her shop. this story takes place a year or so ago while i was working at a drug store. i was working a front register when a gentleman comes up with a green dot card (a prepaid visa debit card). i give him our welcome spiel and ask him: &gt;**me:** how much would you like on the card, sir? &gt;**customer:** $500 he then hands me a credit card. when purchasing a green dot card with a credit card, you need to have a valid form of id so we can verify that the name on your id matches that of the credit card you’re using. &gt; **me:** do you have your id on you? &gt; **customer:** yup, here you go. i take one look at the id and i'm baffled because...it’s not him. it’s clearly not him. the man before me was approximately 5’7, naturally tanned skin, and had a mustache. the man in the id on the other hand was white with a height of 6’. i take the credit card to compare the names and they were a match. this guy was clearly in possession of someone else's id and credit card. &gt; **me:** sir...this isn’t you. &gt; **customer:** excuse me? &gt; **me:** sir, it’s obvious that the man in this picture isn’t you. &gt; **customer:** it is me! how dare you? give me back my cards! fuck that. i slide the cards out of his reach and page for my manager. he arrives swiftly and i calmly explain the situation. &gt; **me:** he’s trying to buy a green dot card, but the id he gave me– &gt; **customer:** this is me! i want my id and credit card back. why won’t you give them back? the customer is starting to lose his cool and is clearly agitated. my manager says nothing as he looks at the id and back at the customer. &gt; **manager:** ...this isn’t you &gt; **customer:** yes. it. is! this goes back and forth for quite a while when finally he drops this line: &gt; **customer:** i just don't understand why you won't give me my cards back. &gt; **manager:** because i can't give you back property that isn't yours. &gt; **customer:** you have every right to think that's not me, but it is me! you can't just take my cards like this! &gt; **manager:** well, i’m going to call the cops and– the instance the word “cops” leaves my managers lips the customer bolts to the exit, runs to his car, and does a 180 degree turn in the middle of a busy street. he puts the pedal to the metal and his car goes screeching down the street. my manager told me i did a good job and i'm sure he was in contact with the police shortly afterwards about the stolen id and credit card. i had my credit card info stolen before, so it felt so good to protect someone else from it! there's this married couple that comes into my store every monday morning that i absolutely adore. i adore them so much that i'm actually nice to them. and they come in every monday morning without fail. it's honestly the best part of my work week. this couple is a dream couple. they're always smiling. they always purchase something. they treat me like a human being! it's amazing. usually this is the part of the story where something goes horrible wrong, but have faith! we recently had our annual "let's throw every piece of shit in our warehouse on the sales floor" sale. monday morning after the sale (which started on saturday) and the sale area looks like the aftermath of a lion's feast on the savannah. my monday morning couple waltzes in with smiles and decide to brave the vultures and see if there's anything left. happily, they found a couple of the things, including a hoe that was marked down to a dollar. now the wife always gets super excited about everything she purchases but she's besides herself today. *wife: good morning, dear! how was your weekend?* *me: actually, not terrible. only two fights broke out during the sale.* *wife: oh! that's a bit down from last year. (six fights and someone bowled over a pregnant cashier)* *me: yes, i was impressed.* i begin ringing her up as her and her husband chatter about their weekend to me and ask about my boyfriend. i get to the last item, the hoe, and the wife gets very excited. *wife: i can't believe this deal! one dollar for a hoe! where else can you get a hoe for one dollar!* her husband walks away unable to control himself laughing as i smile at her. *me: i'm sure you could probably find one on a city corner if you know where to look.* so i just started working at a chain pet store last week. i've never done retail before, so they train me and put me on cashier during a slow bit. i have a woman come up with one of our adoption books. it's a coupon book that you get when you adopt an animal, has something like $200 worth of coupons. so i'm checking her out and scanning her stuff as she's tearing coupons out. me will be me, lf will be her, for liar face. &gt; lf: i've got these coupons for that, hold on let me tear them out. &gt; me: okay, no hurry. i need to finish scanning your items before i scan the coupons in anyway. &gt;lf: i didn't actually adopt a dog, you know. &gt;me: okay... we usually give out the adoption books when you adopt the dog with one of our partners, so i'm really confused at this point. &gt;lf: i was going to, but the rescue was so paranoid, asking all these questions and demanding to see my lease and whether i had a fence. okay, yeah. those things are kind of important. don't want the dog getting dumped if you don't have permission from a landlord and they find out, or getting hit by a car when they escape because you don't have a fence, makes sense to me. &gt;lf: so i bought a dog from a breeder and kept the coupon book. it's not like my landlord ever comes around anyway. what the fuck lady? so you can't have a dog? &gt;lf: anyway, do these coupons work for that stuff? *handing me a stack of coupons* &gt;me: yeah. *scans them all*, *waits for her to pay*, *prints receipt* you saved $37 dollars today. have a nice day. by lying. you saved $37 by lying. i really hope that dog ends up okay, but judging by the type of person you are, i'm not holding my breath. i'm not mad about the coupons. whatever. but really?? why would you tell me all this? liar face.retail manager here. i'm part of a team comprised of other managers from our market to help relocate one of our stores. today i was helping with merch transfers out of the old location, so it was one of those rare customer-free days. the phone was the only place that the outside world could reach in as we scanned away. and reach in, oh, it did. the gm heading our efforts takes a call on speakerphone. he's a great guy who can take a lot of bs without getting bothered. customer: hi, i need the men's department. (note: we have departments but not exactly people staffing each department separately.) gm: i'm sorry, this location is closed. we've relocated to ----. customer: and you're telling me this because...? gm: ...i was going to give you their number? customer: why can't you just check? gm: i don't have anything to check for you. would you like to call our new location? customer: i need the men's department. gm: we don't have any departments here. do you want the new phone number or not? customer: just connect me then. my god, are you stupid or something? gm: okay, just a sec. click. gm hangs up. laughter throughout the empty store ensues. tl;dr: man thinks a closed store will sell him things. gm does not agree.i recently got hired at a store that buys and sells used dvds, cds, games, etc. i love it, it's honestly the best job i've had minus my manager messaging me on facebook when i'm not at work but i still dig. so the other day it was about an hour and a half before closing and i was getting ready to ring someone up. the customer pointed out to me that one of the games he was purchasing had the disc inside (note that we take everything out but inserts and then put them on the sales floor so that the discs are behind the counter). i looked at a coworker and questioned if someone might have passed it up or something and then the customer interrupted me by saying; &gt;"so since the disc is in there, do i get it for free?" i was baffled, you're asking me that because the product is in its case, you get it for free?back around 2011-ish at $fastfood. i'm on drive through, everything's normal, cars are going through like clock work. &gt;me: thank you for coming to $fastfood, how may i help you today? &gt;$timetravellingcust: yes, i'd like a number 1, a number 6 [...] and a chinese chicken salad. &gt;me: i'm sorry sir, what was that last item? &gt;$ttc: the chinese chicken salad. *hmmm... that's what i thought you said. odd, i've been here for a year now and that item simply doesn't exist.* &gt;me: i'm sorry sir, but we don't have that item on our menu. &gt;$ttc: no, you do. i got it here just yesterday. &gt;me: did you get it from this $location ? i was on drive through yesterday as well, and the only salads we have are %salad1, and %salad2. &gt;$ttc: no, i got it just earlier this week! are you sure you don't have it? are you new by chance? &gt;me: i've been working here over a year sir, and yes, i'm quite sure we don't have any kind of "chinese chicken salad". *seriously, it's my job to sell it to you, i get kudos from my boss if i can get you to upgrade the side salad to a full salad. if we had it, i would sell the hell out of that thing.* &gt;$ttc, one sec, let me call my wife. me:*screaming internally, then audibly, but off-mic* &gt;$ttc: *hey honey, they don't have your salad anymore. no, i know. i know it's your favorite. yes, i tried that. about a year at least. they have...* he then proceeds to read the menu to his wife *while still in drive through*. $screamy-manager walks by. &gt;$sm: line-line-line!!!! me:yes. i know. i can only go as fast as the customers, this guy is on the phone with his wife explaining our menu. i can't do anything. &gt;$sm: line line line!!! in the most annoying high pitched yell you can imagine. as if reminding me that there's a line i can't do anything about will somehow make the customer move faster. &gt;$ttm: okay. she'll just have a cheesebuger. ***************************************** after the line died down (i went from a one car wait to a 7 car wait because of this guy), i asked my manager when that item was discontinued. 3 years before i started working there.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. i've posted a few other stories [here]( if you're interested. **story:** i setup in a smaller city in central florida, and i go through the local police department to hire off duty officers for security when the tent is really busy. the officers love the duty shift, since it’s usually just getting paid to sit around and bs with my dad, eat my mom’s fantastic cajun food (seriously, we now post a menu when we post the signup sheet), and make sure that any thief or idiot thinks twice before doing something stupid. i’m basically paying for peace of mind and to support local law enforcement, always a good idea if you’re a business owner. over the years, we’ve become good friends with several of the police officers, and it’s not uncommon for the officer(s) on duty to swing by and say hello. when they are working security for us, they are officially “off duty” with the city, but for a police officer, “off duty” is a relative term. they’re still in uniform and in communication via radio. here are a few of the crazy things involving our “security detail” that have happened over the years. **1.** the officer was talking with a few customers when a call came over his radio. he jumped up, ran to his car, and peeled out of the parking lot. someone had robbed the bank across the street and about a half block down from us. we can actually see the front door of the bank from inside the tent. the officer arrived at the bank just as the robber was taking off in his car. the officer forced him off the road and they busted him a few blocks away. **2.** i’m setup in the parking lot of a large shopping center. a manager from one of the businesses saw the police car parked by my tent, and walked over to complain to the officer about a van parked across the lot near his store. it was apparently abandoned there a week ago and was partially blocking one of the rows. when the officer walked over to investigate, he discovered the owner had od’d inside the van a week ago. he spent the rest of the day overseeing the investigation and cleanup. **3.** i was running errands and passed by the tent when i saw three police cars and the fire marshall truck parked next to it. i panicked and did a u-turn so i could find out what was going on. pulled into the parking lot like a maniac and rushed to the tent. mom had made gumbo. there were two officers that that just gotten off duty and one of the on duty officers having lunch. the fire marshall had seen the police cars and stopped in to see what was up. i needed a new pair of underwear. **4.** the officer was sitting a table with my dad having lunch when his radio went off. bank robbery! same bank, 5 months later. the robber had already fled the scene when the call came through. our officer left to help in the search. i think they caught the guy a couple of weeks later. **5.** a police officer we know stopped by one evening to let me know that someone had used a stolen credit card at my store that day. a woman couldn’t find her purse and had called the credit card company. the cc company gave her a list of charges that had been done that day on her card, and she contacted the police. it was a big purchase, around $750, and fortunately the cashier remembered the couple that had used the card. the police took both of our statements. four days later, the couple walks into our tent again and starts to shop. the cashier immediately recognized them and grabbed me to let me know. we actually had an officer on site for security at the time, and i quietly let her know the thieves were back. she stepped out of the tent and called for backup on the radio. there were a couple dozen people shopping at the time, including 5 or 6 kids. i decided to demo a fountain in the parking lot, so we rounded up all the kids and had them leave the tent to go and watch. four police officers swooped in and busted the couple. they didn’t put up a fight. they found 12 stolen purses in their car and lots of merchandise, including my fireworks. i was one of several companies to press charges. they ended up taking a plea, and are still in prison as far as i know. to this day, i am still amazed that they had to balls to walk right past the police officer at our door after ripping me off a few days earlier. **a quick follow up and vent by me...** the stolen fireworks were seized as evidence. after the thieves took a plea deal (the day of the trial), all of the stolen merchandise, including the fireworks, were awarded by the judge to the families of the defendants. that’s right…the judge gave all of the stolen merchandise to the families of the thieves. they had hit almost a dozen stores. i think they hit wal-mart for more than 5k, including gift cards. while we **love** our local law enforcement, not really a big fan of the court system. i spent hours doing statements, interviews, and depositions. as a reward, i was ripped off again, this time by the court system. apologies for the rant. this happened yesterday, and while its not very exciting, i just wanted to share. so i work 2 different retail jobs. one of which is a big red office supply store. saturday and sunday we had a special coupon where if you brought it in....you got a free case of water...no purchase necessary. doesn't sound that bad right? except for the fact that customers are only allowed one coupon per person per day. and management is super strict about it. i know that even the richest of people would try to take advantage, but i also live in a low income area where we have a flea market righttttt down the street. any deals we have, people come get our cheap shit, and re-sell it for a higher price. so anyway, all day people came into the store. i greeted them, some greeted me back. but mostly they ignored me and grabbed the water by the door. came to my register and walked out. we had entire families come in, each holding a coupon. im talking 8 person groups. and then it happened. a couple came in, both with coupon in hand. they each came up. first the woman, who awkwardly asked some questions. then her boyfriend who didnt even glance at me. i told them to have a great day and they left. a few minutes pass and a couple comes up. its a little busy in the store and i am the only cashier scheduled for the day so i wasn't really paying attention but the couple looked oddly familiar. they walked out with water. my general manager walks up and says, "those people already got water. make sure that doesnt happen again. its one per person. they just had different coats on." after those words left his lips, guess who walks back in? general manager: sir!? you guys already got water twice. you're done for the day. its one per customer! water guy: you're gonna deny me my coupon? i am a new customer! i just came in! gm: sir, just because you're now wearing a hat, doesn't mean you're a different person.in retail, all has been seen. this is one of those "wait...what?" types of moments. it was a quiet day in the photo lab, and my friend and i were just hanging out talking when this old man comes up to us: me: can i help you? man: yeah, i have a complaint. me: ok, what's up? man: the pharmacy wouldn't take my stool sample. *customer was holding a film canister [example, click me]( me: *i guess he thinks i'm the pharmacist because i'm wearing a white coat* uhh..i think i can call an assistant manager over if you'd like....me to?..... man: no, that's ok, you're good enough to talk to. me: well..i really can't help you out, i'm just a photo- man: listen, can you just take a look for me *instantly the old man opens the canister, and pours the stool on my counter* me: *immediately snap my head up to the ceiling, slowly bringing my head back down to assess what this crazy old guy just did* man: *laughs* yes folks, this old man in fact did leave stool on my counter. but not what you're thinking. it was a little replica of a [bar stool]( that he put inside the canister, and let it stand as soon as it came out of the canister. i went from a near heart-attack, to a laughing fit. sure, it was corny- but hell if it wasn't original. in fact, this guy used to come in with his wife a lot, and anytime he saw someone in a not-so-good or just stressed mood, he'd always come to talk to you or even tell you a (sure they were corny..) a joke to brighten up your day. it was people like him that i used to really love dealing with, one that could assure you things could be a lot worse. it was actually that particular day that really taught me how to lighten up in the worse of situations. tl;dr- paper planes cannot carry passengers, i broke my screwdriver, what happened to the bowl of macaroni? it was right there! stop being lazy and just read it already. :dhello again. the other day i shared a story from my current job as a bookish cashier. here's a far less bizarre but still pretty bizarre story from my days as a barista at a national coffee chain you're probably familiar with. this happened in 2011. lady walks in at a slow time for the store so i'm as cheery as can be since i have nothing particularly stressful going on. first thing debbie downer says to me is "wipe that smile off your face and take my order." yes, really. so i immediately do as instructed since there's no way i can stay happy after such a mean-spirited comment. what's wrong with people? anyway, debbie places a very complicated order. no problem. i make a lot of complicated drinks all day. the problem? she has the audacity to *complain* that i'm going too slow! what the hell, lady? so i go even faster for the witch just to get her nastiness out of my hair, hand the drink to her and she sits down. a couple minutes pass and she gets up, slams the empty cup on my counter and says: &gt; since you're not doing anything useful right now, you can be a good girl and throw this away for me. oh, and the coffee was sh*t. i won't be coming back. she came back several times after that, always requesting someone else serve her when i was working. never did figure out why she hated me. edit: omg! thanks for all the votes and tfr quote of the day, everyone! i'll post one more story about my time at this coffee shop, as a thank you. expect that shortly.our store price matches branded items with all other shops in the town. the signs are everywhere, and the small print (price matching only on non-own brand products at shops and supermarkets within 5 miles) is actually readable from a distance, not to mention in plain sight at my customer service desk. on sunday, i had a family walk in and make straight for my desk. mother was a short dumpy woman with a facial expression like a bulldog chewing a wasp. father was giving me the evil look, and the two kids looked as if someone needed to scrub them from head to toe in disinfectant. i put on my best professional smile. &gt;mother: you price match, right? &gt;me; that's correct. we match on all branded items within... &gt;mother: good. i ordered this freezer last week and my neighbour has just got it for a quarter less than i paid. &gt;me: ok. do you know where your neighbour got it from? &gt;mother: yes. *name of major on-line only retailer*. it's good quality too because it says grade a. i mentally facepalm. &gt;me: the price matching doesn't include online retailers as they are always cheaper because they don't have stores to rent or buy. we only price match new equipment bought at shops within 5 miles, as per all the signs. &gt;father: not good enough. we're on a tight budget and can't really afford to waste money. you're refusing me my price match, so i want to see your manager. &gt;me: i'll page her for you, but i dare say she'll tell you the same thing. tl;dr. family want a price match on new appliance against a refurbished online modeli work at a big box electronics store and i recently encountered an older woman who asked for my help in finding a specific game for the pc that her grandson wanted for christmas. the following is roughly what transpired: **me**: can i help you find anything? **customer**: yes, i'm trying to find a game for my grandson for christmas and i was wondering if you had "**hp microsoft apple windows 8****?**" **me**: uhh... **customer**: do you not have it? **me**: well, ma'am, that game doesn't exist. what you just described were several companies, followed by windows 8. **customer**: &lt;looks at handwritten note in her hand&gt; **me**: i think your grandson may have written the possible computers that the game can run on, instead of the title of the game. **customer**: (doing a literal facepalm) oh my god **me**: yeah... **customer**: there's no way you could narrow it down to what game he wanted, is there? **me**: well... not really, considering that kind of describes most of the games we have in the store for the pc... in the end, i ended up suggesting a gift card and the woman went on her way. welcome back to hypermarket! we're so glad you're here! let me take you back to the wild, heady days of 2007. i was younger, then, and full of hope. and other than a guy snapping at me over us being out of eggnog on christmas eve, i hadn't yet had a truly outrageous customer interaction. until this lady. there i was in my checkstand, scanning and bagging like a good little retail drone. groceries come down the conveyor, i scan and bag them. scan-scan, bag-bag. i had a good rhythm going, and it was a good day. and then her milk turned up. two half-gallon jugs of 2%; scan-scan, bag-bag. two half-gallons of chocolate milk; scan-scan, bag-bag. and then the customer spoke up. c: "that was really insensitive, you know!" me: *stops scanning* "i'm sorry?" c: *looking angry* "what you just did. that was extremely insensitive." me: *still confused* "i'm sorry if i upset you, ma'am, but what did i do?" i will never, ever forget her response. c: "my milk! you put the white milk and the chocolate milk in different bags! you segregated my milk!" me: "er...i'm sorry, ma'am. i wasn't even thinking about what kinds of milk they were, i just bagged them in the order they came down the belt..." c: "well, you *should* have thought about it! you're lucky if i don't tell your manager about how racist you just were!" me: (in my head) *oh please, lady, please talk to her. i want to see the look on my manager's face when you tell her i was racist to your milk.* she glared at me through the rest of the transaction, and admonished me to "think about what i said" when she left. i never saw her again; i don't know if she was just passing through the area that day, or if she avoided my line afterwards so she wouldn't be subjected to my horrible milk-racism. *"you segregated my milk!"*i live near sydney, and today was a pretty damn hot day, 37c (about uh 98f?). we had a full fire alert for the state and it was hot even at 9am. thankfully i was working today, so i was able to enjoy the ac in the store. it's business as usual, with a hot topic being the ridiculous weather. we had some customers linger and take their time getting their carts, because they just did not want to leave. i suddenly hear my manager and a coworker exclaiming in a half-panic, "what?! there's a child in a car?!" and racing outside to try and find the vehicle. middle of the day, sun fully blazing, and there's a fucking kid locked in a car. the woman i'm serving suddenly gets quiet, her head down, and rather impatient to get through checkout. it dawns on me - the mother is the woman i'm serving. knowing i would get into shit if i blatantly confronted her, regardless of how angry it made me, i used it as a conversation. me: "gee, that's so irresponsible, hey? imagine someone leaving their child in a car on a day like this? so many news stories and pleas from emergency personnel to not do it, and this *mother* does it on the hottest october day in 70 years? sheesh. some people shouldn't be parents." the woman mumbles and nods, and becomes more impatient. i quickly get through the rest of her items and send her on her way, gesturing her to the coworkers as she rushes out the door with her tail between her legs. stupid bitch. there's no other word for it. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 3200 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new year’s eve. **story:** for some reason, there were a lot of temper flare-ups at the fireworks tent this year. i seriously think some of our customers push us just to see how far they can go. i am generally laid-back, and it takes a lot of pushing to get me riled up. my dad...not so much. i got to witness this story firsthand, which is always a treat. my dad was showing around a customer, explaining what the different fireworks did and showing him videos of the performances. the entire time, the guy is complaining about our prices. he tells my dad that there's a firework store a couple of hours away that has much lower prices on everything we sell. no big deal. we hear that so often that it doesn't even faze us anymore. we get a lot of people fishing for a deal. this guy goes on for probably a good 10 minutes about how great this other place was, with my dad holding his tongue and trying to be nice to the guy. my dad is showing the guy an amazing finale cake when the guy interrupts and says that he used to buy it for half that price at the other store. the guy went off, claiming that this was one of his favorite finales, and that he used to get that exact same finale for $49 at the other store. now my dad and i both know that this guy is totally full of shit. there may in fact be other stores that sell fireworks for less than we do. i try my best to price my items lower than the competition, but it could happen. more importantly, the finale in question was brand-new for 2014, so there's no way in hell this guy have ever purchased it before. my father calmly pointed out that the finale costs $89.95 at our store, but was buy one get one free. if you just want one, we'll do any item at half-price, so the actual cost of the item would only be $45 if he wanted one. the guy paused for a moment, obviously missing the fact that all of our items were buy one get one free. after a few seconds, he regained his composure and shot back with: **guy:** yeah, but that other store gives you tons of free fireworks. if i spent $200, they would throw in $600 worth of free stuff! **dad:** i’m not sure why you ever left that store. hell, you probably should have moved in there. in fact, if i were you, i’d get in my car and drive over there right now. **guy:** what? **dad:** i know you’ve got a long drive ahead of you. i won’t hold you up any longer. good luck! with that, my dad turned around and walked away, leaving the guy standing there with a confused look on his face. the guy picked out some fireworks, paid, and left without saying anything else to anyone. -------- thanks for reading. missed you guys. but my real job is keeping me running these days. sorry it’s been so long, but there are more updates to follow!i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven, with industrial rack shelving and more than 300 items in stock. i make sure that my prices are the best around, and i take a lot of pride in hand picking my inventory and selecting only the best stuff. i even have some items custom made and imported from china with my own label. what can i say, i’m a pyromaniac. i’m a big believer in customer service, and i make sure everyone that works for me knows that we take care of our customers. i want everyone to leave with a smile on their face. that being said, sometimes, you just can’t win. my parents are retired and my dad and mom help me out a lot at the fireworks tent. my dad is laid back and super friendly. he does an amazing job chatting up the customers and helping them out. one day, this bonehead (bh) strolls in and starts browsing the shelves. i’m behind the counter, but my dad welcomes the guy and asks if he needs any help. bh mumbles no and starts walking around the shop. after a while, i hear bw call out to my dad and say that our prices are way too expensive. not a big deal. this actually happens a lot, with people trying to work a deal. my dad is super cool and tells bh that we’re always willing to match anyone else’s price for the same item. my dad walks over and i can hear bh telling my dad how we’re double the price he usually pays for the stuff. my dad and i both know this is bs, but dad just keeps smiling and tells bh that we try to have the best prices, and that he doesn’t know of anyone that is cheaper, but we can beat their price if he can tell us who carries it for less or has an advertisement from the other company. this apparently pisses bh off. he raises his voice and starts ranting about how we’re too expensive, pointing at items and telling us how much cheaper they are at his imaginary place. then this exchange takes place: bh: see this item right here (pointing at one of our custom made pieces). i’ve bought this exact same item for less than half of this price. you guys are just trying to rip me off. i’m not going to pay that price for this thing. i’ll give you $20, and that’s more than it’s worth. dad: i’m pretty sure you didn’t get that particular item from anywhere else. we have it custom made for us. see how it even has our name on the label? bh: (yelling) bullshit. all of the stuff you’re carrying is junk. i can get this stuff cheaper anywhere. rambles for another couple of minutes telling my dad that this company is a joke and that we’re lucky he’s even bothering to buy our crap. dad: (cold as ice) get the fu*k out. bh: (yelling) i’m going to have your ass fired old man. i walk out from behind the counter and over to where this is going on. i smile and tap bh on the shoulder. me: i’m sorry sir, i own the business. how can i help you? bh: your employee was rude and just cussed at me! i can’t believe you have people like that working for you. me: i’m so sorry. what did he say to you? bh: he told me to get the fu*k out. me: are you sure? bh: yes! me: (smiling) then get the fu*k out. bh just stands there like he doesn’t understand what i’m saying. i point to the exit. he starts walking away cursing up a storm and yelling how he’s going to tell everyone what a horrible place this is. my dad and i are damn peeing ourselves laughing. this happened years ago, but it’s still one of our favorite catch phrases at the tent. me: i need to run to the bank to get more singles. dad: then get the fu*k out. thanks for all of the fantastic comments. here's a video i posted earlier where i "accidentally" blow up my buddy in a port-o-let. adding a link to another fireworks story another tale from the cafe/shop combo in my home town. this time i was working in the cafe, as a cashier and provider of sweet treats. me = me and ic = ignorant customer. &gt; me: usual retail spiel, how can i help you? etc. etc. &gt; ic: a latte and a hot chocolate brownie, thanks &gt; me: okay, your total is £x.xx. also, the brownie is *very* hot, so give it a minute to cool down &gt; ic: okay, thanks. she pays, takes her things and sits down. all is going well, i deliver her hot chocolate brownie, then i hear a shriek. &gt; ic: owww...*breathes in through mouth* fuckin' *stifled words i cannot distinguish* a couple of seconds pass &gt; ic: *while walking to the counter shouting* that brownie was *too* hot! it scolded the inside of my fuckin' mouth. you didn't tell me they were going to be that hot!!! &gt; me: i'm sorr... *she cuts in* &gt; ic: what are you doing to them?! you fuckin' idiot, you didn't tell me! &gt; ic: *even louder* you haven't heard the last of this kid. what's your name? i'm going to call corporate, give me their number now! &gt; me: i'm captain, but we don't have a corporate office, here's my managers number: [redacted]. however, i *did* inform you that the *hot* chocolate brownie would be too hot to eat immediately. i'm sorry you burnt your mouth but i d...*cut off again* &gt; ic: no you didn't! i'll make sure the likes of you are fired...your manager will be hearing from my lawyer. she leaves, while cussing all the way to the door. fortunately, my manager always believes her employees first. the next day i was asked what happened, i told her what had happened and she believed me. that was all i heard about it, except my awesome manager shutting her down on the phone. i would concede that i forgot to warn her, but i know i did. god i love retail...in high school i was a cashier at a grocery store. because you're here, you know that just because someone is working as a cashier in a grocery store, that they may be capable of higher-order thought. it's too bad the customers don't know this. so i had an older lady come through my line. i was polite, asked her how she was doing, etc. i am scanning her order and she has two packs of ziploc bags. they both ring up, and she grabs one of the boxes from the belt after i'd scanned it, thrusts it in my face, and uses one of her knobbly fingers to aggressively point at the print on the box which reads "buy one get one free." she yells at me, in the most derogatory way, "can't you read?" of course i can read. have you noticed that the checkout terminal is full of text? anyway. i take the box from her, knowing that when something is printed on the box like that it's a manufacturer deal, not a store deal, so i'm not at all surprised that it did not ring up. i read the text around the "buy one get one free" logo, and point to the important part, and say "ma'am, this is a manufacturer rebate. you need to mail in both bar codes." she meekly apologized and then was quiet for the rest of the order, while i basked in the glory of showing her what a complete asshat she was.so i work in a pet store and one of the areas i cover is the fish department. for some reason people just don't seem to care about the well being of fish as much as other animals and it's part of my job to make sure any pet is going to a suitable home. when it comes to fish and the lack of empathy people have for them, it can be difficult to walk the line of not pissing off customers and protecting the fish. some days i just don't care about the customers, though. the scene: young couple (yg as the guy did all the talking) in the fish department, holding a 5.5 gallon tank, no filter, and some gravel approach me. yg: hi, we'd like some help. me: sure, what can i do for you? yg: we have a goldfish at home and we're going to get this tank as an upgrade for it and we'd like to buy another goldfish to go with him. *they were both all happy and smiles at this point* i already know i'm about to piss these people off, so i try to go about it in the nicest way possible me in my best "i'm a happy person that would love to help you" voice: ok, that tank is not going to be a suitable habitat for one goldfish. they get big, produce a lot waste, and really need a big tank with proper filtration. i can show you a tank that would work for the one goldfish that you already have. yg: *smiles completely gone now* what size tank will it need? me: a 20g is the minimum tank size for a goldfish. yg: yeah we don't really have room for that. won't it just grow to the size of the tank? me still trying to be polite: in a way, yes. the fish's growth will be stunted, the ammonia in the water can burn the fish's gills, and the lifespan of the fish is dramatically shorter as the small space and poor living conditions will kill it. a goldfish in a good size tank will grow to about 8-10 inches and live for about 20 years. yg: how long would it live in this size tank? me: the fish would be lucky to live a couple of years. yay! so far they haven't been rude or got mad, annoyed but whatever. they've listened to my whole spiel, surely they understand now? ha.... the young guy looks at they young lady he's with. she kind of tilts her head to the side and says: i'm ok with that. the yg nods on agreement and says: yeah i'm ok with that too. *looks at me and says* yeah, we'll get another goldfish. me, no more fucks to be given: no, you won't. i have to make sure the animals aren't going to suffer once they leave the store, i can't sell you one. cue awkward stare off at the end of which i remember that i'm supposed to be nice and throw in a retail smile. yg: ok... they took the "upgrade tank" and sat it on the counter we have in the fish department and walked out. i'm glad none of my fish went with them but i still feel bad about the fish they have.considering the overwhelming amount of response from my last tale, i figured i'd share one that happened in my workplace a couple of months ago. a customer made my coworker, an older lady in her 60s, cry in the middle of the sales floor. it's just another uneventful day in the store, everyone is busy cleaning, stocking, refolding clothes, and everything else that comes with working a small store. a customer suddenly walks in with her husband, and i'm not exaggerating when i say she was the sweetest person i've dealt with in my time at this store. so i greet her with the typical "hey, how are you doing? what brings you in today?", and she makes the effort to ask me how my day's going, and starts a conversation. i help her out with what she needs to get, we keep talking about school and how things are going with me, and all of a sudden out walks my coworker, we'll call her susan. now, susan is known by everyone who comes into the store. she just finished her 20th year here, and she's not leaving any time soon. she deals well with customers, helps them out, and teaches everyone else how to work better. so it turns out this lady had been helped by susan a few months back, while the lady had been using a walker due to back surgery. she's walking fine now, so she walks over and gives susan a huge hug and says "wait here, i've got something for you in my car!" when she comes back in, she hands susan a single long-stem rose, and says "that's for all you did for me back when i wasn't so mobile, and how you're always pleasant and happy when i see you; thank you for everything you do." at this point, susan is crying, and my faith in humanity is completely restored. i haven't seen that customer back since, but if i ever do, i'll make sure she gets special treatment because she is one of the lucky few who realize that retail slaves are actually people, and appreciates us.quick little story. today i had a teenager (around 16 i'm guessing) come up to the front desk where i work. he seemed nice enough. he was asking about getting a job with us, so i had him write down his info and told him to send in an application. not even five minutes later i see my manager running out the door yelling. turns out the kid who just asked about getting a job just got caught trying to steal some allergy medicine from us. so my manager walked him over to the nearest register and made him pay for it. aka the walk of shame. i saw this go down and couldn't resist myself. i yelled out "sorry, i don't think we're hiring right now."necessary opening mentioning that i work in the meat department of a grocery store. customer (referred to as butter lady, or bl) walks up to me as i exit the meat department (in my uniform, with the blood-covered plastic apron) and asks, &gt;bl: hi, do you have any more of the butter that's on sale? &gt;me: oh, i don't work in dairy, but i'll head to the back and see if someone else can help you. &gt;bl: thanks! so i head to the back of the store, which connects all the different departments if you wander enough, and i find a pair of guys talking and when they notice me, i just ask, &gt;me: i have a customer that's looking for the butter that's on sale? &gt;dude: i fucking swear to god. there's two signs out there that say we're sold out of the fucking butter. tell her that we're sold out. and to read the fucking sign. a very confused and slightly disgruntled me heads back out to talk to the lady, and the conversation is as follows, &gt;me: hi, i'm really sorry, but we're sold out of that butter. my coworker said that they're working on a sign to put there. &gt;bl: yeah, i know. i saw the sign, i was just making sure! then she walks away.i run a terrible little shop in a uk service station. most of the time it is very quiet allowing me to spend time browsing reddit, but occasionally we get people come in, both to browse, buy, steal and occasionally like this couple, because they were lost. it was an older couple, and they were visibly shaken and both seemed on the edge of tears. they were late for a consultation at a clinic, had taken a wrong turn and didn't know where they were. so i helped as best i could. i found the phone number of their clinic, lent them my phone so they could let them know what was happening, told them where they were, showed them their route and provided them with a map (google maps printed) showing them how to get home. i keep getting told my job satisfaction should lie in making big sales, but i really don't care. its the people like this that i can help that keeps me from going insane. tonight, when i was cleaning in the supermarket's deli, i overheard this conversation between the deli worker and a customer: (c = customer, dw = deli worker) &gt;c: excuse me, do you have any christmas hams? &gt;dw: i'm sorry, we sold out this morning. it's been busy. &gt;c: what? i need that ham! &gt;dw: they were very popular. &gt;c: but it is impossible to run out of christmas hams on christmas eve! &gt;dw: ............but we did run out *facepalms* &gt;c: can you get some more in for me?? &gt;dw: there is a supply coming in on boxing day. &gt;c: boxing day? i need it for tomorrow!!!! isn't there some coming tomorrow????? &gt;dw: the store is closed tomor- &gt;c: get me a ham right now!! &gt;dw: the store closes in 5 minutes. there is no ham. if you continue to yell at me, i'll have security escort you out of the store! &gt;c: you can't do tha-..... "**security priority 1 to deli**" &gt;c: how dare you gee, i didn't know our hams were that good.... **tl;dr: customer wants ham, needs it for christmas, but we're out. gets angry and security escorts him from the store**so i work at a smaller department store where at the front registers we have chocolate and popcorn and a bunch of other things no one really needs. when the candy/snack is going to expire in 30 days we separate it and sign it 50% off. because our pos doesn't know it's 50% we have to input it in manually. usually not a problem until this guy that came to my register with his wife. man: "this is supposed to be 50% but it doesn't say 50%!" me: "yeah it is 50% but i have to input the 50% manually when i ring it up. don't worry i'll make sure you get the right price!" (trying to be as nice as possible) wife: "i'm sorry he's always so pushy!" man: "no look it's not 50%! it should be 50% but the price on the tag is still regular price it should only be 4.99!" me: "sir i haven't rung it up yet give me a second." i ring the item up. man: "see it's not 50% i told you!" me: "sir i'm a human being not a robot you have to give me a second to type it in." wife: "you go girl! good job for saying that to him!" i had no idea what to say at that moment so i just finished the transaction and wished them a happy easter. (sorry if formatting is off i'm at work on my phone)hello, tfr..! i work in a coffee shop in an international flying area, so we meet some pretty interesting people. this story has been grinding my beans since it happened on sunday night. a quick relevant detail: my coffee shop is large circular shape, so when i'm making people's orders, especially if they're blended, i've got to face away from the front counter to use the blender (or urns, or coffee grinder, or coffee merch like tshirts, or to grab teas and syrups). allons-y! picture it: 4:00 pm on a sunday during the slow months. usually, this means that the end of a concourse is pretty empty. no one is flying in, no one is flying out; food employees are pretty much just standing around waiting until their port-mandated closing time finally comes around (6:30 p.m.). cue my cool boss man leaving an hour early. suddenly, mass amounts of people decide all at once that the only non-green-mermaid-coffee shop in the building is the hip place to be. within a few minutes, i had about 20 separate people in line. i embrace this kind of chaos though, since i had been sitting around twiddling my thumbs for a good hour. i take a deep breath, put on a sincere smile and began to plow through the long line of jet-lagged people needing their caffeine fix. the line was whittling down a steady rate; everyone is happy, jokes are being told, witty banter is thrown about, and i'm rushing around the coffee kiosk making smoothies, milkshakes, iced &amp; hot espresso drinks, etc with exceptional finesse. tips were pouring in (the nice crisp green ones!!); i counted at least $20 just in $1 bills. i learned later that there were three delayed flights all at the same time down at my end (something that doesn't happen that often). this means that sometimes 3 more flights will be delayed waiting for the first delay to leave. thus, the rush of people. 2.5 hours iater (at closing time!), i told my last customer to have a nice flight, then i shut the lights off and rushed around the store pulling in product and closing off the opening where the lines could begin. i clocked out at 7 and dumped my tip jar on the counter to see how much extra dough i earned that day. right away, i knew something was wrong. the dollar pile was sparse. my suspicions were confirmed. $8 and some change. at some point in the breaks between crowds, some jackass reached into my jar when i had my back turned and helped themselves to a handful of dollar bills. i sigh to myself. this is the 4th time this has happened since september. i consider making a tipjar with teeth to trap the next thief. ah, retail.so, i work in a big box home improvement retail chain in the us. on my phone, blah blah blah. so i have a lot of stories i have been wanting to post. this one is more funny than rage inducing. so, the store i work at is open until 10pm, except on sundays we close at 8pm. so, last sunday i was closing. due to it being slow i got out at about 820. i was outside waiting for my ride, talking to the wife of one of my coworkers as she waited for him to be done. a man pulled up in his pickup and started yelling at me. "why are you closed so early? that is illegal!" me: "we close at 8 on sundays. the hours are listed on the door as well as online." him: "it isn't sunday, you dumb bitch!" me: "i assure you, it is." him: "what? no! (checks phone) oh. well, thank you " me: " you are very welcome." him: "no! you are welcome! fuck you bitch!" he then proceeded to speed around me in the parking lot, doing donuts and tried to be intimidating. i just stood there, smoking and waiting for him to leave. it was made better by the fact that my coworkers wife was sitting there with a look of terror on her face, and was surprised that someone would talk to me like that. i told her, "every fucking day." so bio, i work at a pretty mid-to-high end clothing store aimed at fashionable 20-30 year olds. most of the time, my job basically consists of organizing, stock-checking, and occasionally, when we have a lot of employees on staff, walking around as security/loss prevention. this one particular day, last week to be precise, i was making a round in the men's side when i noticed this suspicious looking dude with a bag from another store, by the novelty polos (our high-theft items), so i walk over, ask the guy if he needs help, and tells me "nah bro, just browsing" and walks off without another word. ok... red flag #1. i then spot him picking up at least 6 novelty polos and taking them to the fits, where he takes around 2 minutes and then walks out, a relatively short time to try on 6 polos. red flag #2. he decided to leave 4 polos at the fits folding table, and then walks over to the registers, i noticed he only had 1 polo in his hand. as i skim over the fits folding table, i only find 4, the 5th one nowhere to be seen. i know exactly where it is. as soon as the guy pays out at the register for his single polo and walks through the door, what do i hear but the blaring of the security alarm. for reference, almost everything in our store has a security sensor on it. the second the alarm sounds, i walk over and instinctively hands me the bag from our store. i check it half-assedly, knowing the real prize is somewhere else. i ask to check his bag from another store, he hands it over, and what do i find? the stolen polo, security sensor in tow. i immediately bust it out to him. "oh, no need to worry. i'm a secret shopper. i was testing the employees here to see if they were capable of spotting shoplifting. it seems your store passed because of you, i'll let the company know, i'll put in a call later on to [store manager] that you did a good job." at this point, i ask him for the badge that secret shoppers from our company get to verify authenticity. in a heartbeat, the motherfucker scrams throwing the polo on the floor and runs out the door. you almost got me, you sneaky bastard. lady calls. &gt;i bought a turkey breast roast and i took it out to thaw and it says "cajun style" on it. what does that mean? that means it's cajun style. it is a spicy kind of seasoning. &gt;so it's spicy? yes. &gt;why would you do this? ...do what? &gt;why would you put this with the turkey breast roasts?! there are 5 kinds- there's cajun, sage, white meat, white and dark meat, and- &gt;but i wanted a turkey breast roast! why did you put this with the turkey breast roasts?! they're *all* turkey breast roasts. they are each in their own section. &gt;there was nothing there advertising this! each package says right on it what it is, and there's a tag above or below every single item in the entire store, including these roasts. &gt;but there was nothing advertising this! i'm not sure what you are trying to say. like i said, each package says in big colored letters what style the roast is. they all have a barrier between them. &gt;you are so stupid. i can't believe you did this. (this is where i would normally hang up. first time a customer has said this to me.) i didn't do anything. and i can't do anything. you are calling our department over the phone. we do not have a register for returns, and we do not have the authority to authorize them. even if we did, we can't do it over the phone. you need to go to the service desk. &gt;i bought this three weeks ago! i don't have the receipt! why would you do this?! if you don't have the receipt they still might let you exchange it but that is not up to me. they usually don't let people exchange things for that reason. &gt;i can't drive out there! the weather is terrible! i need this for today and my family doesn't like spicy food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't do anything for you. you'll have to go to the service desk. **tl;dr woman buys spicy roast because she didn't pay attention, blames me, is upset because it burned her rectum when she shoved it up her ass** (oh, and the weather complaint is shortened, she went on about the weather for 40 seconds, easily- and she brought it back anyway.)a little background here: in the 70's and 80's, my grandad owned an equipment rental business, and had my grandma and mom doing book keeping, answering phones, stuff like that. this is a story of what my mom overheard one day, while at the counter. gd is grandad, obc is oblivious customer. obc was there to rent a garden tiller, and was shooting the breeze with gd. obc mentioned it was his first time starting a garden. obc: so what all can you plant in a garden? gd: oh shit, anything really, squash, tomatoes, carrots, okra, peas, macaroni.... obc: wait, did you say macaroni??? gd: yep obc: i thought macaroni was.... where do you even get the seeds? gd: ya just need to go to the grocery store and grab a bag of macaroni of the shelf. gd proceeded to instruct obc on what brand of macaroni to get, how far apart to plant them, how deep, how much sunlight they needed, and how much water they needed. obc left with his newfound information and his rented tiller. when obc returned the following week, he informed gd that he had followed exactly what he had been told to do, and was looking forward to having his own macaroni plants. weeks pass, and obc comes back into the rental shop for a lawn mower, and mentions to gd that none of his macaroni had sprouted. gd says as straight faced as ever "oh, ya musta had a bad bag"i never usually post here, because i'm not sure if my job counts as retail, it's usually more customer service. but today i was taking calls at my job and a woman calls to make a booking for a special type of food event we have. we have a set price per person she wants to book for 2 adults and a child, i ask her what age the child is because the children's menus only goes up to age 11 (a bit sucky i know but i don't make the rules) turns out the child is 13. so i tell her that her child will have to pay the adult price, she goes ballistic, but he won't eat the adult meal, just put him down for the child's menu etc. i tell her i can't do it. so she changes her story and suddenly the child is 11. fine. be like that. i don't care, money doesn't come out of my pocket. then it comes to making the booking, because these events are insanely popular we require payment at the time of booking. i explain this to her. **"no, i'll pay for it on friday."** **"ok, but i can not save the tickets for you until then, the system only allows me to reserve the tickets when the payment is taken."** **"well you have to put them aside for me until friday, my mother has breast cancer."** excuse me what? what has that got to do with it. **"i'm sorry, but this system doesn't allow me to to do that. if you want to call on friday, or do it on our website, you'll need to risk not getting the time you want."** **"oh so this is how you welcome people to (city name removed to protect the me)! you can't even do this thing for me, even though my mother has breast cancer!"** i explained to her i was very sorry, but there is no way i could make the system do something it can't do and point out that if she paid today it was unlikely the money would leave the account before friday. but she's having none of it and apparently is going to complain to my manager, who i'm very lucky is a really cool guy, and won't punish me because he knows i'm good at my job and do not lose my cool until after the customers are safely out of ear shot. but i am absolutely shaking with rage. what kind of person does that? what kind of person uses the fact **their own mother** has cancer in order to try and get special treatment for themselves. it's not even as if she was doing this a treat for her mother, then perhaps i might have understood, but no, it's for her, her husband and her kid. i absolutely despair of some people. sorry if this is a tad muddled. i'm still in rage mode. i used to work at an office supply store. the amount of shoplifting we got was insane. i'm walking towards the back of my store, restocking some shelves, when a woman comes up to me, holding a small address book. &gt;hi, i just wanted to check to see if the price for this was correct. i used the price scanner and it said $25. that can't be right. i know all of those little books are disproportionately expensive, so i'm pretty sure the price is correct. i check for her anyway. &gt;yep, it looks like its $25. sorry about that, for some reason all of those address books are oddly expensive. &gt;that's ridiculous. i'm just gonna steal it then. &gt;ok. and i walked away. if she really wanted to steal it, it's our policy not to stop them, which is probably why we have so much theft in the first place. i didn't stick around to see if she actually did take it or not, but i'm pretty positive she did. i'm just glad i don't have to deal with those customers anymore. edit: and sorry about the formatting, on mobile so it's a mess.i used to work in a large home improvement store as their garden specialist, my duties were not limited to just futzing with the flowers but also included driving forklift and unloading the plant delivery trucks. june and july were the busiest months and sometimes we had 5 or 6 trucks a day to unload and process all the while customers were trying to yank stuff off the racks before i could check the inventory in. we worked in the side parking lot of our store and would set out safety cones to block off the work area, running the forklift, counting plants scanning them in etc. so i'm unloading my 4th truck of the day, space all blocked off when this 'lady' pulls into the lot and proceeds to drive over 2 of my orange safety cones. i send one of my helpers over to tell her that she can't park there for safety reasons and that we need the area for unloading trucks. 'lady' gets all huffy and says that she will park any place she wants and if i don't like tough but she spends thousands of dollars in our store and she can park where ever she wants ( i hate that spiel, it just pushes my button ). my one co worker looks at me and then starts to shake her head, she knows i'm irked and that the 'lady' may be sorry she opened her big mouth.. 20 mins later 'lady' comes back from her 'quick' errand only to find her car surrounded by 20 racks of plants, she had just enough room to squeeze into her drivers side door but couldn't pull out of her spot, we ( the employees ) had all conveniently vanished from the area and we watched from a spot back by all the mulch stacks. i then walked out near were she was and she wanted to know when we were going to move the racks from around her car and why did we put them there and it wasn't right and..and..and... she was sputtering mad. i replied nicely, oh in about 15 mins when my help came back from their break and that i had warned her not to park there because we needed the space for our unloading and that i couldn't move them by myself because it was against policy to run equipment when customers were in the area and it would take two of us to do it by hand. needless to say i didn't see her again in our store..i was blowing up balloons for some promotion at my work and there was a little cutie (probs 6 years old) with her dad and little sibling, looking at me curiously. she was soooo adorable, so i walked over to her and asked if she wanted a balloon. she happily said yes and when i handed it over she proudly announced that she also knew how to blow up a balloon herself. i gave her an unblown balloon, saying: *me:* here you go! you can blow this balloon up for your little brother! *little girl:* that's not my brother, that's my little sister! *me (cringing):* oh...i'm really bad at...kids' faces? *little girl (toothy grin):* but that's alright, she looks like a boy anyway! *dad:* yeah, we get that a lot... man, this is why i suuuuuck at talking to kids! edit: i should add that the dad was super chill about it and thanked me for the balloons. top dude. it didn't stop my coworkers from laughing at me though!i'm not sure this deserves an update, but after posting [people can be vicious. cried at work for the first time] ( about three months ago, i got a lot of pms. not regarding jill or other customers, but regarding my manager. these past few weeks have been absolutely insane. since this incident, our staff began to have more and more problems with this manager disrespecting us, embarrassing us, and just making our lives miserable. we came close to having a lot of great people quit and we went home every night absolutely hating our jobs. things got really bad for a while. finally, i decided enough was enough and i gathered everyone that had talked to me about their issues with him, and decided to take it to our store manager and have one big meeting. this decision terrified me. i haven't been there nearly as long as some of the others and i'm low on the food chain. my decision could have gotten me in serious trouble, or even terminated. i figured if i was going to get fired for speaking up about the harassment we were enduring, then i didn't want to work there anyways. the meeting lasted about an hour or so and we didn't even get everything out that we had wanted to say. it was time to go back to work. we were told things would get sorted out. the next day, i come in to this weird aura. everyone was in a good mood, customers were happy, and i didn't see the grumpy, miserable faces i usually saw when i got to work. my manager no longer worked for the company. this was enough to celebrate, but what would come next was even better. we all began to wonder who would take his job. we all got along with each other so it was fair game. they talked for a while about hiring someone brand new and that made us a bit nervous. it could be someone just as bad, or worse than the original manager. there's a lot of meetings and closed doors and finally, i get called in. long story short, i got the job. i'm young, and have no experience with management and i got the job. i'm beyond proud of myself and i'm excited to see what i can do for our store. things are turning up! **tl;dr; action was finally taken against my manager and i was offered his job.** edit: thank you to /u/kaliko_jak for reddit gold! you're awesome(:i work at a gas station and for the last few months we've had a promotion with a department store and if you spend so much money at that store you get a coupon for a discount on gas at my store. sounds kinda confusing typing that out but the main idea is lots of people have coupons to save money on gas around here. anyway one day a lady comes in with said coupon, however this coupon looked like it went through hell. looked like it sat in the sun for a while draining it of it's color, some weird looking dirt smudged around it and on top of that it was moist. i shudder just thinking about it. however none of those are reasons why i didn't accept it. i couldn't accept her coupon because there was no bar code. i tried to politely tell her that unfortunately without the bar code i wouldn't be able to take her coupon and she started grinning and snidely said "actually, you are legally required to take my coupon! i know these games you guys play here and if you try and play me i'll call the cops on you." now ladies and gentlemen i'm not very familiar with coupon law, but i do know my company's policy and knew for a fact that this coupon was void without the bar code. we aren't allowed to discount gas manually. at this point as i'm sure you all expected she was asking for a manager. i called my manager over to deal with this and he said the same thing to her as i did. at this point she was smiling ear to ear, like she found pleasure in confrontations like this. she again said we legally had to take it and my manager was starting to get fed up with her. he told her again there's absolutely no way we can use her coupon, for all we knew it had already been used. well the lady wasn't backing down and began loudly exclaiming how she was going to call our corporate office and file a complaint on all of us. during her speech about how terrible we all were my manager began laughing. he told the lady to look at the coupon, i took a peek myself to see what he thought was so funny. turns out the coupon expired a week ago so even if it had the bar code we still couldn't take it. she stared at it for a second and started muttering "well, it's.....you still....." then she left. she just walked out without saying another word. just another day.so for a short time i use to work at this little gas station out in the middle of no-where. one day i'm standing at the cash register and this older cracked out lady comes into a store, with an empty fountain cup in her hand. i think nothing of it because we sell refills. i watch her go over to the soda fountain and put the cup back with the other cups and then continue looking around the store. i'm a bit confused so i ask her about it. the following conversation then takes place. customer: "that was my old cup. i washed it, its clean. someone else can use it" me: "you mean you drank out of it?" customer: "yes but i washed it" me: "you're suppose to throw them away when you're done" customer: "why? its still a perfectly good cup! i'm not going to waste that cup. why would i throw away a cup that someone else can use? i don't like being wasteful like that!" me: "but you drank out of it. your mouth was on it! that's disgusting" customer: "are you calling me disgusting now? i always wash my cups and return them here. you should be thanking me, i save you guys a lot of cups!" finally she starts to leave the store while still going on this rant about the environment and how wasteful our store is. as soon as she is gone i go throw all the cups away. and that's why i never buy fountain drinks anymore.when i had just turned 18 i was working as a cashier at a now defunct grocery chain. the money and hours sucked but i was at that point in life where i needed to make some money while deciding what the hell to do with my life. our store had an employee policy that basically stated that if you went on break and bought something to eat there, you could ring yourself up for it after you were off break. essentially if you grabbed some hot wings and a soda you didn't have to pay until you came back. simple. my period was late, i was nauseous, etc. all day at work i was sweaty and nervous hoping to god i wasn't pregnant (there had been a condom breakage, i wasn't simply irresponsible). my break came and i worked up the nerve. i knew we had pregnancy tests on sale and i went and grabbed one. while in the aisle i noticed our lp guy doing his rounds and thought nothing of it. i took my test to the bathroom with the intent of discretely ringing it up as soon as i was off break and getting rid of the box. it was only $5 and due to a lucky scratch off ticket from the day before i had $70 in my purse (relevant). i follow the instructions and boom, i'm preggers. i was in disbelief, panicked and sweating profusely. my head was spinning. i put the box in the pocket of my apron, pull myself together for the last few hours of my shift and begin trying to figure out how i was going to tell my mother. as i'm walking down one of the aisles towards the registers the lp guy swept up behind me, grabbed the back of my arm quite forcefully and without a word dragged me to the back offices. i kept asking what the hell was going on but he wouldn't speak. he placed me in his office, left and locked the door! what the fuck was going on!!! a few minutes later he returned with the manager and my piss soaked stick test in his gloved hand! he began to accuse me of stealing! i quickly retorted that he had grabbed me on my way to my register and just like everything else an employee grabs when on break i was going to pay for it once i was back on my register. my manager seemed confused and unsure of the lp guys accusation and asked if i actually had the money to pay for it. my purse was in a hidden cubby under the register and he went and got it for me while lp guy takes it upon himself to call the cops. my manager returned and i proceeded to show him that i had more then enough money to pay for the item. lp guy shoots back that i wouldn't of tried to "hide" the box in my apron if that's what i was going to do. i angrily explained that i didn't need the whole store knowing my business and i was going to be discrete. he wasn't going for it. in a store frequented by wealthy elderly people shoplifting wasn't an issue and i believe in his mind he was finally getting the chance to "bust" someone. i demanded to call my mother. no, it wasn't because i needed my mommy it was because i wanted a ride home. "you're 18 sweetheart. no mommies here!" and he ripped the phone from my hand. up until this point i had raised my voice but had refrained from cussing, name calling, etc. i had just found out i was pregnant and within minutes of trying to soak that in i had a man who had obviously failed the training to be a cop accusing me of trying to steal a $5 pregnancy test. i was "emotional" and i don't think anyone could blame me. he slammed a piece of paper in front of me and began to demand i sign it. it was a statement saying i admit to stealing. i refused and attempted to leave. he blocked the door and told me i wasn't going anywhere and physically seated me again. he kept screaming and pointing at the paper and i was praying that the cops would just show up. he tells me i can't leave the office until i sign it and left the room locking the door behind him. it was a big door and there was no way i could force it down. i took the opportunity to call my mom and simply got the words "come quick" out of my mouth before he stormed back in and removed the phone from the room altogether. at that moment i tried to juke him to get out of the office to find he had manned the hallway with some of the stock guys and i was physically pushed back into the room and locked in once again. i was in complete panic mode. after what seemed like a lifetime i just signed the paper and as i was sliding it under the door as proof i heard the sounds of police radios. finally!!!! lp guy opens the door an enters with 2 officers. he had obviously already gone thru his version of things and now they wanted to hear from me. i went thru the whole thing and the stock guys confirmed that paying for things post-break was common. i showed them my money, etc. they could tell i was flustered and one noted the pee stick in the table and saw that it was positive. they talked amongst themselves for a few minutes before i heard my mother at the customer service desk demanding to know where i was (she don't play). the officers close the door so it's just me, lp guy and them. "did she attempt to leave the store without paying?" one asked "no. i caught her in the aisle." lp responded "so she wasn't near an exit, running? anything like that?" one of them asked. "no. caught the sneaky bitch before she could leave." to me, "we're you clicked back in?" "yes. i was headed to my register to pay like everyone does." "lying bitch" lp shot back. meanwhile i could hear the manger trying to keep my mom from ripping his throat out (yes my mother is that tough) "i was gonna leave? i don't have a car! i don't even drive you fucking moron!!" the officers turned to lp guy who was gripping my signed statement, "ok. from what we've gathered she was in the clock, and following your stores policy. she didn't try to leave so no shoplifting or attempted shoplifting occurred." lp began to argue only to be met by a quick and authoritative hand in his face, "sir, you moved this girl against her will about 400 feet. another hundred and we'd be arresting you for kidnapping. you locked her in this office. that's imprisonment (he may have used a different term, can't recall) and the fire marshall would have your head." lp shoved the paper at them. "she admitted it!" the officer grinned, "that was signed under duress and my partner and i will testify to that if need be. if you lock someone in a room long enough you can force them to admit to just about anything." second cop, "miss, this seems like a real shitty case of jumping the gun. do you want to press charges?" "her?!? for what?!" lp guy freaked. "i just told you. you'd be better at your job if you watched and listened." i told them "no". not only did i have to tell my panicked mom i was pregnant but i had to explain this too. i didn't want to get wrapped up in any of that. i just wanted to go home and cry. i put the $5 on the desk table and one of the officers escorted me to the customer service desk and assured my mother i wasn't in trouble, in fact i was a victim. my manager was clueless as to what had just happened and the officers merely told him "she could have brought major trouble for this place. i wouldn't fire her if i were you." before he could answer i merely said "fuck this job!" and left with my mother. a year later the chain went bankrupt and a few months after that i saw lp guy pumping ppl's gas in nj. if you're out their lp guy, fuck you. **edit** first of all thank you for all your kind words!! i never expected one of the worst days of my life would touch so many people. looking back, yes i should have pressed charges. in that moment tho, i just wanted out. i'd never had any dealings with the law before this and had no idea what "pro bono" meant, etc. my whole life had changed in that bathroom and my head was swimming and i felt like i was trying to breathe underwater. if something like this happened now, i would be all over it with an army of lawyers but at the time i was still a kid. i have no idea if they fired lp guy over this. i only went back 2 weeks later to collect my final paycheck. i could of had it mailed, but i wanted to walk in with my head held high and that's just what i did. a small way of taking back my own sense of security. i hope no one ever has to go thru what i went thru that day, and i also hope that if anyone's rights are violated they are braver then i and do press charges. that is something i regret immensely about the situation but in my eyes at the time an 18 year old vs an army of corporate hired lawyers didn't make for good odds. i work at a national chain craft store. my coworkers always joke about how stone-cold and deadpan i can get when people are yelling at me. there's this huge fad out right now with this rubber band weaving loom. we carry them, and right now they're on sale and so are the individual packages of refill rubber bands. the display they're set up on is right in front of the door when you walk into the store, with the registers being immediately to the right of the door. now, the store *always* has some sort of coupon out. usually it's a 40% off one regular priced item. if something is on sale already, the coupon doesn't work on it. so yesterday, this ornery looking lady comes to my register with a loom, about 15 packages of rubber band refills, and a handful of gewgaws from the clearance bins. there are one or two other small things that are regular price. she presents the 40% off coupon, and another 20% off the whole order. i scan all of her items and put them in the bag while she scrutinizes the screen on her side. when i get to the coupons, they only take a tiny amount off. when i tell her the total, this happens: ornery lady: why didn't you use my coupons?! that's way too much! i can't afford that! me: i did, but they don't work on things that are already on sale. it took the 40 and 20 off of your non-sale items. they were pretty cheap already, so it only took a few cents off. ol: that's bullshit! this is totally illegal! it's false advertising! it doesn't say anywhere that i can't use coupons for sale items! give me my damn discount! i need these! me: i'm sorry, but it does say right here on the coupon that sale items are excluded, and on a very large sign on the loom display itself that no additional coupons or discounts can be used on the loom stuff. and all of this other stuff is already on clearance. ol: (shouting now) what sign?! there's no sign! this is bullshit! you're trying to steal my money! i calmly walk five feet over to the display and pick up the bright yellow sign that says "no additional discounts may be applied to [loom] products", and hold it up to show her. she visibly puffs up and bellows, "you little bitch! i will never shop here again! i spend a lot of money here! you just lost a very important customer!" she storms out, and my manager runs up to me. she exclaims, "what on earth just happened? are you okay?" "yeah, that lady was just mad because she can't read."so as many of you are probably aware, most debit cards can be processed as credit cards. a lot of customers, for whatever reason, actually prefer that their cards be processed as credit. enter rude lady, who doesn't seem to know much about the whole process: &gt;(she hands me her card) &gt;me: thank you, is debit ok or would you prefer me to run it as credit? &gt;rl: well it's a debit card isn't it? you haven't been doing this very long have you? &gt;me (cue retail voice): i'm so sorry, i should have known. if you could just enter your pin... &gt;rl: i never enter my pin. it's not secure to enter your pin. isn't there a way you can run it so i don't have to?? &gt;me: ...so you'd like me to run it as credit? she shut right the fuck up. yes, i asked for her id.i work as a fast food cashier, usually the opening shift. yesterday a man comes through and orders $20 worth of breakfast, then pulls up to the window and gives me the stink-eye. &gt;me: hi, your total is $20.26. &gt;him: (politely enough) do y'all offer a military discount? &gt;me: unfortunately, we do not. &gt;him: (angrily) well why the f**k not?! &gt;me: i'm sorry sir, i have no idea. i'm just a cashier. &gt;him: well you should start offering one. and drives off. i totally understand asking about military discounts. my so is a marine and i encourage him to ask at a lot of places, because the worst that happens is they'll say no. but why get angry over the $2 this guy would have saved? and why would the cashier have anything to do with it? some people are just idiots.hello tfr! i work as a cashier at a high end grocery store. our store is pretty cool, actually, in that we have a bar inside. the bar is situated towards the back of the store, right next to our meat department and in front of our restrooms. it's quite large and hard to miss, or at least i thought so until this lady! i was redlining at my register like a good little cashier when a lady comes up to me and this conversation happens: lady: hello, where are the restrooms? me: they're located directly behind the bar. *pointing down the aisle where you can see the wall of the bar* lady: *deer in headlights look* wait, you have a bar in here? me: yes ma'am, towards the back of the store *points again* and directly behind it is our restrooms. lady: oh! you must've just installed it! me: the bar? no ma'am, it was built along with the building and opened with us back in september. lady: *shakes her head at me in disbelief and then starts walking away* no no no, i've never seen it. i was just here last week. you must've just gotten it. i just found it humorous that she had to convince herself that we had just installed it to make herself feel better. hey there, here's a short one for you all. yesterday was pretty busy for a sunday and the phone was ringing off the hook. the horrible christmas music that plays over the intercom was frequently interrupted by calls for various departments to pick up whichever line. so there i am putting stuff back on the shelves when i hear the following: "mod, please take the call on line one." "produce, please take the call on line three." "tires, please take the call on line four." "roger, roger. over, oveur. what's your vector, victor?" the customers around me just started giggling while their kids didn't have any clue why. sometimes retail is fun.i was working the cash register today, as always, because the cosmos and management are in on the same sick and twisted joke, when a woman came up to my counter to check out. i thought it would go smoothly, despite her ignoring my greeting and rolling her eyes when i asked as cheerfully as possible if there was anything else i could help her with. look, lady, i get that you think i'm a robot, but we all gotta do what we gotta do. she doesn't say a word to me and starts pulling her wallet out of her purse. then her phone rings. and rings. and rings. it's a nice little ringtone and i think maybe she is just going to let it go to voicemail, since she is paying. nope. she stops everything to make a big fuss about pulling out her phone and answering the call. from the conversation, i can tell that she is a very important real estate agent and she is about ready to close a huuuuuge deal. or whatever. as she is on the phone, she decides she wants to enter her phone number into the pin-pad in order to use her store rewards/savings account. cool. she can do that. but she keeps hitting "cancel" instead of "look up number." she'll hit the red "x" button instead of the green "enter" button. time and time again she does this, still on the phone with her client. my line is building. "this isn't working, it's not taking my number," she says, and keeps trying. i try to say "just hit enter," but she interrupts me by holding up her index finger to tell whoever is on the other line that the cashier doesn't know what they're doing. she tries to re-enter her phone number maybe three more times. every time, she hits the wrong button, and she starts over. i am visually wincing when she hovers over the correct button to complete the process, and decides on the wrong button, again. the regular in line behind her is chuckling. "yeah, just forget it," she says, and just goes to swipe her credit card. okaaaaaay, jeeze. she finally hangs up with the person on her phone and her payment goes through. she looks up at me and says "you need more training." fuck you very much, lady. i work in a big retail chain. near the front, we have a little "value" section with items that are 1, 3, or 5 dollars. changes seasonally, it's a fun little place to find cheap crap (and occasionally a surprisingly good value). one of the items that we always have over there are these file folders. they're plastic, different colors, very useful things. they come in 2 sizes--the smaller is roughly the size of a clutch purse, the larger one is like a folder size. they're both a dollar, which i found interesting. i assumed it was $1 for the smaller and $3 for the larger. a woman came through my register with a ton of clearance items, all the cliche coupon deals, etc. i turned off my light because i could tell there was going to be a lot to explain and argue over during this transaction (i see her a lot). i was right, there was a lot of back and forth over how if a sale says "buy 2 get one free", you actually have to *buy 3 total items*, you can't just have me void 2 of them and get a free thing. and i know she is fully aware of this crap, just tries to get away with stuff and confuse cashiers. anyway, i digress. my favorite part of the conversation is as follows: i ring up several of the aforementioned folders. she had maybe 5 of each size. &gt; woman: "wait, the small one is a dollar too?" &gt; me: "yes. they're both a dollar. cool, right? i always thought the big one was 3." &gt; woman: "i'm not paying that. i thought the small one would be like 50 cents." &gt; me: "no, everything over there is 1, 3 or 5." &gt; woman: "well, i'm not paying that." &gt; me: "ok, so do you not want just the small ones? or do you not want either size?" &gt; woman: "no, i still want them." &gt; me: "alright." *keeps scanning her other items.* &gt; woman: "no! i'm not paying a dollar for those little ones!" &gt; me: "well...that's the price. so if you want them, they're a dollar. we really don't have sales on that section. if something is out of season like easter or christmas stuff, it can be on clearance, but we don't have that going on right now." (i'm trying my best to explain to her why this is absolutely a dollar, no questions about it.) &gt;woman: "i. am. not. paying. that." &gt;me: "ok then, you don't want the small ones." i then void out the smaller folders and just move on. i'm not going to be "intimidated" by her, because i think that's what she's going for. thankfully, i think she realized that i'm not giving in, and she just didn't talk for the rest of the transaction.years back i used to visit my friend who worked at a now closed electronics chain for lunch and would occasionally hang out after for a while. my pal was closing down his station (at the help desk) so we could leave for lunch as he was doing that, i noticed a man walk in. something caught his attention, the rather large display for the 10% off hd dvd speaker system sets. needless to say, these boxes were fucking gigantic, which is probably why the company was fine with putting them right next to the door. the man quickly looked around and either missed me staring at him or assumed i wouldn't care because he didn't hesitate at all. he bent down to grab the box and picked up in a way that looked as if it were designed to slip a disk. however, there was only ten feet between him and the door, he was practically home free, all he had to do was leave. he must have made it two steps into his waddle/run before he dropped the box and fell over it. it really wasn't that hard of a fall in retrospect, he was barely moving and the box was so large that he didn't trip over it as much as fall *on* it. with that in mind, he still hit the tile floor face first. i gasped and my friend looked over horrified before shouting out "sir are you okay?" the man shot up to his feet, he touched his hand to his forehead which was bright pink as if he had been paddled, and then to his nose which was starting to drip little droplets of blood. he darted quickly out of the door and into the parking lot, never to be seen again.this is actually my dad's story but it's his favorite from all his years of working retail, which is 35+ years. so he's working one day and he gets a phone call from customer (c). customer clearly sounds like an older man and he has a really thick accent. my dad (employee or e) puts something aside that customer will come in to pick up within the hour. it's about two hours later and my dad gets a phone call from customer. &gt;e: thanks for calling retail store. how may i help you? &gt;c: hello. is this mr. employee? this is mr. customer from before. &gt;e: yes, hello mr. customer. i have your item set aside. i thought you were going to be coming in. &gt;c: i'm here but everybody is gone. &gt;e: what do you mean nobody else is here? i'm standing right at the front door, we're actually quite busy today. there's a bunch of people here. &gt;c: i knock on the door, yelling "mr. employee, mr. employee, please let me in." but nobody answer. i've been doing this for almost an hour but nobody let me in. &gt;e: okay, mr. customer, i'm looking out into the parking lot and i don't see anyone. where are you now? &gt;c: i'm at the pay phone. i'm looking right at the front door. at this point my dad realizes something isn't right because the only pay phone in the area was around the back of the shopping center. it would be impossible for him to be at the phone and looking at the front doors. so my dad asks him to describe what he sees and my dad immediately catches on. the store that my dad works at has two locations and one is closed on sundays because of "blue laws", which were invented to minimize traffic on sundays. it happened to be a sunday and customer was at that closed store instead. my dad felt so bad but couldn't stop laughing at the thought of his old man pounding on the doors for over an hour of a store that was clearly empty, even though my dad kept insisting to him that they were open. luckily the stores aren't really far away so customer was able to drive to the one that was open to pick up what he needed. based on his voice my dad picked him out as soon as he walked into the store. he saw him and yelled "mr. customer!" and customer yelled "mr. employee!" it was as if they were lifelong best friendsokay this isn't my story, but a coworker told me about this customer he had today. coworker - co. paranoid customer - pc. okay so co was standing at his register at the grocery store. kind of a slow day at least at that moment. he's got his hands in his pockets as kids sometimes do. pc approaches and asks if he has a cell phone in his pocket. co "yes". pc "are you touching the cell phone?" co "yes". pc "well i'll have you know that the government has installed devices in cell phones to hurt other people just by touching the phone, and you're making my feet hurt by touching your phone". co "silence". pc walks off. she apparently came by later and complimented co on not having his hands in his pockets and how her feet felt much better. howdy tfr, i work in a mobile phone shop in the uk and had a gem of a customer so thought i would share. i was running through the computer part of a gentleman's phone contract when i noticed the pricing of his phone was incorrect. turns out i had selected the wrong tariff for him and had charged him an extra £5 pm. no bother i thought, i shall go back and fix it. wrong no can do im afraid so i call the manager over for help. "are you stupid, pick the right one in future, inconvenience this man and myself" so hero gentleman pipes up. "think you need to calm down pal. was a simple mistake that will take what 5-10 minutes to fix ? yeh, thought so, so please allow mipn to fix his mistake and show some humility." yes thank you random sir, you are the man. faith in customers restored :) sorry for formatting on mobile :)a woman brought a dead electronic item to our return counter and insisted that she bought it from us along with an extended warranty, but she had no receipt. a half hour of searching our database for the transaction turned up nothing under her name. the woman left briefly and i asked the cashier, 'could she have bought it under another name, or a company name?' the cashier said, 'i already asked and she said no.' after another 15 minutes of fruitless looking, *i* asked the woman if she could have given another name during the purchase. 'no,' she barked, glaring at me. the cashier finally found the transaction in our database by searching for the woman's email address. the transaction listed the woman's correct email address, her street address and her phone number ... and an entirely different name. "oh, that's just another name i use ... sometimes," she said, avoiding eye contact.hello tales from retail! so i was not directly involved in this but i wanted to share it because i thought it might give some hope. today i was shopping at a local store and there was a mother and her child. the store isn't some big chain, localy owned and all that. the child was being a brat, he was screaming, knocking stuff around, total posessed child from hell routine. up walks an underpaid staffer &gt; ***ups:*** ma'am, i have to ask you to please calm your child, they are bothering the other customers. ***badmom:*** *johnny!* (i don't remember the kids name) cut that shit out! (to ups) happy? the kid stopped, the worker smiled and said yes and returned to what she was doing. a few minutes later and the kid is back at it, louder, angrier, worse. again ups walks over and smiles nicely. &gt;***ups:*** ma'am please, he is really causing a neusence. ***bm:*** piss off! i tried! ***ups:*** if you can't control your child then you will have to leave ma'am, please understand. of course this is likely the store policy but hell if she wanted to hear that. badmom starts with her indignent "i did nothing wrong! i want to see your supervisor!" raging. through the back doors walks an older gentleman, maybe 65 (or at least stressed to that point) he politely asks what is going on and the mother, loweing her voice only some, tells him how this "little tramp of an employee" demanded she leave because of her child. he lets ups explain her side then asks a passing customer if the child has indeed been screaming and making trouble. quite a few heads nod. he then turns and asks badmom to leave and take her child with her. she freaks out, demanding the owner, screams all kinds of profanity. then this exchange happens. &gt;***smilingman:*** dear lady, i am the owner of this fine establishment. as ups explained, your child has been causing a ruckus and bothering our other patrons. please take your child and leave, i will watch your basket and you can return for your purchase later. ***bm:*** you can go to hell! my son was fine! you need to treat your customers with more respect! i am telling everyone i know about how you and your employees hate children! ***sm:*** we don't hate children, just yours. please leave before i call the police, if i catch you here again it's trespassing and i will press charges. she huffed and puffed and stomped out, knocking over a newspaper stand on her way. he then apologized to every customer and asked ups if she was okay or if she needed a break. so hey, there are good managers and owners and sometimes the bad people get told off! remember there is light somewhere in the tunnel! so a couple weeks ago i was working a solo evening shift at a sandwich shop in a local gas station. its about 5pm and its been dead quiet all day so im just idly cleaning and watching for a rare potential customer. a guy comes in, and seemed like a really typical gas station customer kinda guy. early 30's-ish, short, big, tattoos, iron maiden t-shirt, the works. he comes up and i take the first part of his order. i ask him how his day is going just to ease the silence while i'm working on his food. he says its goin' good and i put his sandwich in the oven. as i turn away from the oven and back to him he says "actually its goin damn great." "yeah?" im at least a little interested at this point, he didn't seem like a talkative man. "yeah man, i met a girl a couple of days ago and weve really hit it off. were all talkin and shit and she seems to like hanging out all the time." as hes saying this he is slowly turning from perma-scowl to a weirdly boyish smile. he starts telling me about her hair and how she laughs all in a really surprisingly innocent way. i wrap up his food and start the register when he leans towards me with his hands out. "the best part is, she has some just massive boobs," and holds his hands apart in front of him to demonstrate. at that point he looks at me and realizes hes telling the sandwich guy about his love life over a sandwich for the last five minutes. we both start laughing and i hand him his sandwich and tell him im happy for him. he looks at me and apologizes saying "sorry man, i just feel awesome and i had to tell someone." made my day. sorry for any formatting problems, i'm on mobile. so i worked in the menswear department of a pretty run-down bridal store. it was generally quiet, business was slow, and thus only myself and my manager (we'll call her m) were working this particular day. around an hour before closing time, me and m were ironing shirts and putting them out, general stuff, when an older lady (ol) walks in with a large box. me: (spotting the large box) "good afternoon, are you here to make a return?" ol: (smirking) "no, i'm not." me: "okay, well is there any way i can help you today?" ol: (still smirking) "no, but i think i can help you." ok. at this point i'm confused, i look at m, who kind of shrugs her shoulders and walks over to us, neither of us knowing where this is going. m: "hello, what brings you here today?" (the lady puts the box on the floor and stands triumphantly with her arms crossed.) ol: "i have something here i think you'll be very interested in." before either of us can say anything, she whips the lid off the box, and then resumes her previous position, still with that grin plastered on her face. inside the box is an electric blue fedora hat. m stifles a laugh and takes a step back, leaving me to deal with this woman. me: "ma'am, we don't sell those kind of hats here." ol: "yes well i bought this hat for my son's prom 15 years ago, and when i did, the owner of this shop said he loved it and if i ever wanted to sell it, he would pay me a hefty sum." at this point i'm trying not to laugh. she's still standing there grinning like she's pulled the greatest trump card the world has ever seen, and the hat was in probably the worst condition it could possibly be in and packed inside a comically oversized box. (our store only opened 3 years ago. there was no way it was our wealthy boss she spoke to, and i don't think anyone would pay a 'hefty sum' for this - let alone him.) me: "i'm sorry ma'am, but you must have us confused with another store, and besides, we're a shop. we sell and rent items, we don't buy." ol: (getting agitated) "no, no, no! it was this shop! the owner said he would pay me for it, and it would be an honour to sell it in his shop!" me: (trying hard to keep my composure) "i'm sorry to tell you ma'am but you're mistaken. we don't sell these kinds of hats." ol: "but you will sell this hat! the owner wants it! you'll be in trouble with the owner!" at this point m walks back over to us to intervene. m: "madam, you have the wrong person. we do not buy independant items unless an order has been specifically placed for them." ol: (shrill) "the owner wants me to sell this hat! people want this hat! why won't you buy it!" me: "ma'am please, if you look behind you, you'll see the only hats we sell are top hats, and even those aren't popular. we have little demand for hats, let alone one as unique as yours." ol: (seems to get the picture, huffs, and exaggeratedly packs away the hat, picking up the box and glaring at me) "you'll regret this." me: "i'm sure i will." the woman stares for a second before heading towards the door muttering to herself. just before she reaches it, she turns around and half-shouts up to us: ol: "you will regret this!" (emphasising 'will') me: (nodding) "okay, have a nice day." before she could respond however, my manager cuts in: m: "there's a charity shop down the road if you'd like to try there." she left. i haven't worked retail in a while, but i recently started at a beauty supply store. most customers have been really cool... until yesterday. i'm new, so i'm still learning all the ins and outs of the massive amount of beauty supplies we sell. this girl walks in an hands me a list. i'll call her beauty school dropout, or bsd. the list is for supplies for a beauty class she's taking. ok, this will probably be easy. i can gather things from a list, right? maybe not. nothing is labeled, it just lists things like "curlers" well we have a lot of curlers, which kind do she need? of course she doesn't know. but does she listen to my pitch for each item and make an informed decision? no. just sighs that i don't now which exact curler her teacher wanted. then there is a type of bobby pin listed, but i didn't recognize the name. me: do you know what it looks like? bsd: i don't know the name of it in english. me: well maybe you could take a look at the selection and see if you recognize it? bsd: but i don't know the name of it in english. me: ...ok...well maybe you could google the name you do know on your phone and show me a picture? bsd: but i don't know the name of it in english! me:... another woman asks for my help when i'm free, no rush though. surprisingly, bsd kindly offers that i help the other lady first. so i go over and start to help her find a new curling iron. bsd stands behind us the whole time tapping her foot, looking impatient, and sighing. the curling iron lady felt so bad she just bought the first one i handed to her to get out of bsd's way. as soon as i turn back to help bsd, she asks: "is there anyone else here who might know what they're talking about who can help me?" i gladly pass her off to my manager. i come back later as she's checking out. apparently she's taken multiple brushes we have from behind the counter (that cost $150, by the way) and examined them and tried to use them in her hair, which we had to practically jump her to stop her from doing. then she drops the bomb: bsd: i don't know why they let any of you work here, you're clearly not very good stylists. then strolls out. we all just laughed because, shockingly, we aren't all trained stylists who choose to work minimum wage retail positions just for fun. i have recently lost a chunk of weight, about 20% of my starting weight i have changed my body shape quite dramatically, as you can imagine. my gym partner, is a very well toned, athletic female who crossfits. she also loves paleo, just so you understand. i gym, i obstacle race, i still carry a bit of weight. she grew up in italy, and has a competent grasp on the italian language, where i know as much as mario and luigi, and occasional bolognaise sauce advertisement. i am heading out to dinner this weekend with friends, so i task my gym buddy to aid me choosing a new outfit. not only am i a male, i am an engineer. clothes for me are functional, i am in desperate need of a queer eye, or someone who understands fashion, hence the tasking of said female friend. we are in the local jeans shop, i am squeezing into jeans not only in cuts that i never thought were possible, but sizes which i never would have thought i would wear since primary school. as i am trying on a pair of jeans, i hear two guys in the changerooms just up from me spark up a conversation. the most i can gather is they want to speak only in italian, not in english. after that, i lose track of what they are saying. at the moment i walk out of the changerooms for an opinion, my friend turns to them, says something vicious and rapid in italian. these two guys turn bright red, turn, put down their potential purchases, and slowly start backing out of the changerooms and shops entirely. after watching this whole debacle, and after they left i turn to my friend and give the biggest wtf look i have. it turns out they started ragging on me from the moment i entered, and culminated in the sentence "what does a guy like him think he should be doing in public with a lady like her". this is when she decides to pipe in with " do you realise i understand everything you just said? thank you, and fuck you!" i couldn't stop laughing. the two floor staff came to see if i was ok, and we relayed the story to them and they then told us they couldn't understand why these two guys left in such a hurry. we had a good laugh for about 10 minutes, i made my purchase and we left.hey tfr. i'm a lurker (past year+), no account 'til now as i hadn't any interesting stories to share. i'll be using this account just for this sub. i work at a chain grocery store. yesterday, thursday night, i was working a closing shift. it was 10:40, 10 minutes past close. our intercom had already blared 3 different messages in the past half hour announcing our close and everyone but one older man had left the store. this older man proceeded to take his time. i'm sure you know the story. he had *two* full carts of groceries. my manager said he'd take the man as i needed to clock out by 10:40, so i turned off my light and prepared to leave. older man comes up to my lane and shouts, "excuse me, just where do you think you're going?!" me: "oh, i'm heading out for the night sir. my manager can take you in the next lane over." man: "no, no, no, no. absolutely not. you don't clock out until i check out! now get over here you lazy little teenager and do your job!" i should mention i'm in my twenties. i look young, but not that young. grandpa was off his meds today. me: "sir, i am scheduled to leave at this time. though as i said, my manager is right here and will be more than happy to check you out." man: "that's ridiculous. do i get some kind of discount for the inconvenience? and don't forget my senior discount too!" manager: "sir, i'm right here, next lane over. you don't have to walk far." man: "no, you don't understand. i've been in this store for over an hour and now i'm being inconvenienced because you want me out of here. are you the supervisor?" manager: "yes, sir." man: "good. then you will give me my two discounts." manager: "i'm afraid not, sir. i can give your senior discount, but i cannot extend any other discounts or coupons today, unless you have defective items or there is a similar issue." man: "so if i break something, you'll give me a discount?" at this point, i observe my manager's face in some kind of mixture of shock and disgust. of course my manager replies no and that merchandise broken deliberately by the customer must be paid for in full. old senile man feigns dumbfoundedness. man: "alright, here's a piece of paper, boy. you're going to write down your name and this teenager's name so i can report you directly to corporate. first and last names." i didn't stick around to hear what my manager said next as i was now really past my leave time. today i heard my manager gave his name, but not mine (thank god). nothing came of it. old entitled people are the worst.edit (scroll down for the story.): a lot of you are asking the same great questions, and i realized that when i posted this at 2:30 in the morning, i did a poor job of explaining why i was upset at this girl, so let me answer the questions getting asked the most. but first, thank you to drunken_black_belt. i have a friend who is bipolar, and he insists that there's something wrong with him. i disagree completely. i understand that sometimes the chemicals in someone's brain are off, but that's not something the person can help and it's not their fault. they can be medicated, but that's a whole other issue in itself, and sometimes the medications don't help or make it worse. i can't imagine how difficult it is to have your brain fight you on a daily basis. the reason i was so upset with this girl is because she copied my entire business, down to the setup. she has no sign for her business and doesn't leave cards out on her table. because her setup is the exact replica of mine, people think she is part of my business, which does have signs and cards on the table. this is what upsets me for several reasons. one, if we're being honest, the girl can't sew for shit, which is why i wouldn't hire her. her lines are all over the place and she uses white thread for everything so you can always see the thread. it's a pet peeve of mine. she also picks out either plain fabrics of cheap flower printed ones that don't tend to sell, and i don't want people thinking that i'm turning out that quality of work. it sounds mean, i know, and i'm not trying to be mean. i used to work with my aunt who was a tailor, so i have a strong background in sewing and i don't want people thinking i'm haphazardly sewing things with bad lines and poor workmanship. i'm afraid that people are going to continue to think she's associated with me and it will hurt my business. i believe i sell better because i carry a better quality of fabrics and i have a background in sewing, so my sewing is neater. maybe not necessarily better, but visually neater than hers. i also want to be known for quality items and quality fabric, and i feel like with her not separately identifying herself from me, that people will continue to think she is part of my business and it will reflect poorly on me. why she doesn't have her own signage, i don't know. i have, in fact, wondered if she does it purposely to try to gain some of my business. i have tried to talk to her and she was very flippant about it, going as far as to tell me i stole her ideas. i was in business three years before her, so that and a few other conversations with her made me believe she does know what she's doing, but she treats me like i should just get over it and be okay with it, because she can do whatever she wants. you really wouldn't outwardly know she was schizophrenic, so her medications seems to be stabilizing her at least enough that you wouldn't readily notice. but she acts extremely entitled, and that's what gets me about the situation. also, as far as her pet photography, i heard that she doesn't do it anymore because she wasn't showing up for appointments and such. this wouldn't surprise me, because she hasn't shown up for several vendor shows i know she was supposed to be at. people were asking me where she was, because for some reason, because of her set up / pricing /etc, people think she's a part of my business, or a side business to mine. i don't want her ruining the reputation i worked hard to build. she essentially stole my entire business model and not just my ideas, because i understand the ideas are not subject to copyright and she's welcome to make the same things as me. i see her as a liability more than competition. story time: a lot of you have been asking for the story of the girl who copied my entire business. i want to start off by saying that i will be brutally honest when telling this story, because there's a lot of layers to this that i feel are important for all of you to know. to this day i still don't know if i should feel bad for her, or just be really ticked off. i was doing a farmers' market at the beginning of summer last year. farmers' markets, as i've learned, seem to be where trouble is. my partner had gotten up to walk around, and then came back to the booth and told me that there was another girl clear at the other side of the market that did pet photography and had a few bandanas. she said she had spent some time talking to the girl, who we will call a just because it's the first letter of the alphabet and i was watching pretty little liars earlier like a teenager, and that she was so genuinely kind. she wanted us talk, because she seemed interested in finding someone who could dress the dogs she photographed. this isn't a rare thing that happens. i've done multiple shows where i was approached by pet photographers who wanted to purchase some of my items to have on hand to offer to people for photoshoots, because people will often want to dress up their dog and assume the photographer works like a childrens' photographer who has clothing options and different props to dress up the shoot on hand. i always work with them so that they could get a variety of items, or let them photograph the booth and offer people a few options from those photos and then contact me later to buy certain items. no problem. i enjoy doing it. and every so often one of those photographers is amazing and will post the pictures online or the photos will make it into a local community paper. i went down and talked to a extensively. she was very sweet and looked familiar, but i couldn't place her. she had maybe ten dog bandanas, totally different than mine, in two sizes only at a totally different price point than mine, and the rest of her table was just photography. she didn't have a tent or a whole booth - she just simply had one table without a tablecloth. she said this wasn't something she wanted to do and she just brought a few bandanas with her to help make up the money she spent on the table, but she didn't enjoy sewing or crafting. she just wanted to get the word out about her photography business. now, i've been to a lot dog events and i've seen a lot of professional dog photographers who have been doing this for several years. she was a self proclaimed amateur with a love for pet photography, and her photography is just stunning. she's extremely talented. regardless of how i feel about her ripping off my business, she is an extremely talented photographer. if i wasn't a bit ticked at her, i would hire her to photograph my pets in a heartbeat. a came down to my booth a little later and did the normal, "may i take some pictures of your booth to show my clients different options of what i can get for them to dress their pets in?" she gave the reason that she realized all the work that went into making bandanas and she just didn't want to put the effort in. she would rather buy some items to have on hand, and seemed particularly interested in the ties and bow ties. i've heard this before too, so i said yes, and never thought anything of it. i had really enjoyed talking to her, she seemed very sweet, and this was a semi-normal thing to happen, so that was that. imagine my surprise when, not quite two months later, i showed up to a dog event to find her with literally every single thing i made, made exactly the same way, with the same set up, down to using peg boards as bow tie displays and mini blackboards to price items, to suddenly having multiple size bandanas, and everything was the same price as mine. she also gained a tent and three tables, with tablecloths just like mine. oh, and she doesn't do pet photography anymore. i was floored. i can understand taking inspiration from someone, but this was flat out copying my business. up until this point, i was the only person in the area that had a business even remotely like this. everyone did bandanas, but they were slightly higher priced than mine, because i liked to be a little competitive and fair with my pricing, and no one else carried bow ties, ties, and some of the other things i had. i was the only so called handmade "full service" pet vendor, so this was obviously extremely upsetting to me. to make it worse, she lives ten minutes from me, so we're selling to the exact same area. there's nothing i can do about it, because i can't prove she took pictures in my booth that day, even though i can prove that my business started before hers. but is it worth trying to sue her over this? probably not. and it will just get me a bad name in the vendor community, so it's not worth it. after she set up, she had the gall to come over and talk to me like she didn't just copy my entire business through the pictures she had taken of my booth. she even went as far as to ask me if i remembered her. i really felt like she thought she was complimenting me by copying me. then she picked up one of my dog toys that i didn't have at the farmers' market and asked me how i made it. i kid you not. i politely pulled it from her hand and asked her to not come back in my booth, which she didn't. at the end of the show, after we were packed up, she did come over and complain to me that she did horrible at the show and didn't make her table. the show was one of the best shows i did, but i wasn't going to tell her that. i just nodded sympathetically and went about my day. this was also, coincidentally, the show where the dog ate my hamburger. that was a weird day, friends. in the time since, i've found out there's a few things that set us apart. i will buy the more expensive dog print fabrics. she will only buy generic fabrics that are on sale or clearance - little things like that. i do have a leg up on her in the form that i've been doing this longer and know what sells and what doesn't, but also because, even if she sees the more expensive fabric selling, she refuses to buy anything over $3 a yard, so that's an advantage to me. the other advantage is that i'm already signed up for several of the good shows in the area, and i re-sign up every single year in that period where they give past vendors a chance to sign up first. these shows are all one vendor per type of item, so all the shows she wants into, she can't get into and i don't have to worry about her copying more of my ideas at them. she even once asked me if i could not do the one show last year so she could get in. that blew my mind. i had already signed up and paid for it and was essentially the vendor in her way, so that ended that, because the show didn't give refunds. however, she did start out not putting interfacing in her ties, because that was something she couldn't tell i did from a photograph. as soon as she realized i did it, she started doing it too and advertising it like she was the only one in the world to do it. i learned fairly quickly that she was stalking my business facebook page and that every single time i would post something, she would immediately copy it and then try to show it to me at a show. i ended up banning her from my business facebook page, so that seemed to stop that nonsense. with the way she handled things and how bold she was to ask me how i made stuff, not to do a show so she could, etc, i used to say to my business partner, "what is wrong with her?" because that seemed like "off" behavior to me. one thing i did know about her from talking to her is that she would get a job, keep it for a few months, no longer work there, and have to get a new job. i noticed with vendor shows that she would disappear for a month or two, and then show back up and say she was working during those months she was missing. so she seems to only do the business when she's not working. also kind of odd, because the people i know either have a business or don't. long story short, what i did find out when she tried to friend me on facebook (i rejected it, because reasons.) is that we went to high school together, she was my age, and a lot of my friends knew her, hence why she looked so familiar that day at the farmers' market. i explained the situation and asked a few really good friends who we had in common, but i had known since childhood and was still really close, about her just out of curiosity. all of them said that they don't talk to her really, but from being her facebook friend and having graduated with her (i was pulled out of school during my first year of high school, because i got incredibly ill and had to be homeschooled, so what happened in high school after that is news to me, which is why i inquired.) they know that she is schizophrenic and on medication. her parents pay for all of her stuff including her apartment, and the guy that comes with her to shows that we thought was her boyfriend is basically her caretaker. the stipulation of her parents paying for everything is that she has to work, but every few months she seems to lose jobs, which lines up with what i've gotten from her in conversation. she has trouble getting hired again because the place where she worked won't give her a good reference, so she makes and sales dog stuff in between working so that her parents don't get mad at her. in retrospect, i feel bad thinking something was wrong with her. schizophrenia isn't something that's "wrong" with a person or something that they can help, and i applaud her for starting her own business, making her own stuff and trying to work. i really do. which is why i feel so bad about being mad at her. if i would have known all of this, and she would have come to me and said she also wanted to make dog items but didn't know how, i would have sat down and helped her come up with items and patterns specific to her brand. i'm just that kind of person and i appreciate when people are upfront. i am literally willing to help anyone if they are honest with me. i did this with a friend of mine who needed extra income and didn't know how to craft. there's tons of things she could have done that wouldn't have interfered with what i was doing and she could have formed a brand around. but for her to just steal everything down to my set up and steal my brand out from under me? that gets the big old huh uh, girlfriend. edit for tl;dr - met a girl at a farmers' market claiming to be a photographer. she asked to take pictures of my stuff, which is normal photographer fanfare. then she copied my entire business down to my pricing, my items, and my set up. i'm an assistant manager at a chain apparel store. &amp;nbsp; last night, i was called up to the register to help deal with an irate customer who wanted to use multiple coupons at once. our systems only allow for two coupon codes at once, but typically we do what we can to use three or four at once. sometimes it requires splitting the transaction, and sometimes we can just do some overriding to make it work. either way, it's technically against strict policy to do this, but, well, we aren't exactly in the business to make people unhappy. &amp;nbsp; so, this customer had three coupons: one to redeem for a free gift, one a reward from our brand credit card, and one $5 coupon given out from a store for an inconvenience. we had to scan in the gift code, and we wanted to scan the reward to ensure that if returns were made, the value was returned. the third my cashier wanted to simply override a few items for its total value, but the customer wasn't having it. &amp;nbsp; me: "hey, [cashier's name], what's going on?" cashier: "well, we wanted to use coupons, and..." customer (who i'll be calling b from now on): "he wanted to use my coupon some weird way so that i lose out on my money." me: "okay... which coupons do we have here?" my cashier showed me the coupons and explained his plan. it's exactly what i would have done. me: "well, that's the general process that i'd use. if you want, i can split the transaction and just use the code for your free gift on that." b: "now why do you people make it so difficult? don't do my coupon like that!" me: "which coupon, ma'am?" b: "you're going to use my $5 and just take it off so that i lose it if i have to make a return! the customer always gets screwed!" me: "ma'am, it's a coupon. if we use it normally, it takes $5 and distributes an equal part of it to each item in your transaction. it's money that you aren't paying, so you aren't losing it if you make a return." b: "that's stupid. why can't it just take it off the transaction total?!" me: "that's in effect what it does, though..." b: "[store name] is so greedy. god, just do what you want." me: "i understand that it can be a little frustrating. we'll be taking off $2.50 from your most expensive items to use your coupon. that's money you are not paying, so you're right, you can't get it back either." &amp;nbsp; i was starting to get irritated at this point. &amp;nbsp; b: "what about my rewards then? i'm sure you'll keep those too!" me: "if you make a return, your reward coupon will be returned to your card in the form of the points you used to redeem it. that way, if you return $10 of your $20 transaction, you'll get exactly half of your reward points back, too." b: "yeah right. that's what they say. companies must spend so much time figuring out ways to screw me over." me: "you're okay, then, [cashier]? i'll be over here if you need me again." &amp;nbsp; i walked away. she left, still fuming, a few minutes later. i sent my cashier away to do something in the back so he could have some time away from the sales floor. &amp;nbsp; it seems like every time we try to help a customer out and go above and beyond, it farts on our faces. i think from now on, we'll hold to company policy, because honestly if they're going to be calling corporate because they're pissed off, i'd rather it be because we held to policy than because we tried to ad-lib it. &amp;nbsp; it's just sad because the nice customers are really the ones who get "screwed" because of jokers like this.many many moons ago during college, i had a crappy job at a now-mostly-defunct franchise coffee chain store. the shop was owned by a husband-wife team -- we'll call them bill and nancy richman (not their real names of course). i was hired in the late summer before their store opened for business, and had developed a good relationship with them over the next few months. i even babysat their two children on occassions when their nanny had the night off. they trusted me to come to their house and inventory orders in their garage when they weren't around. but this story isn't about their kids or their garage. i had been working at the store for about 8 months, and it was now late spring; my college semester was about to end. my time at the store would be ending soon as well - the richmans were aware that one of the reasons that i slaved away for them was that i was saving up as much money as i could for a summer trip to europe, and i would be quitting the job before departure day. so, it was a few weeks from d-day that bill asked me to come in to the store on a saturday to spend my shift cleaning out the very tiny and always extremely cluttered stock room, to make room for a big shipment coming in later in the week. he **expressly** told me to wear grungy clothes as opposed to the franchise-required uniform, as i'd be making lots of trips out to the dumpsters as well as de-grossifying some neglected areas, and would not be helping customers that day. it was an uncostumary (and therefore highly memorable) offer, as bill and nancy were pretty strict about employee appearances. i arrived for my shift that saturday wearing jeans and an old t-shirt, looking for the cleaning supplies i was told that nancy had brought in that morning for me to use. little did i or anybody else know, it was on that very day the owners of the parent company (also a husband and wife team) would decide to pop in to the shop for a little surprise visit - their first ever to that store! i found out later, this is what happened moments after the high lord and lady of coffeedom set their eyes on me: in furious whispers to the richmans, the company owners demanded to know why i had arrived to work not wearing the company-image-promoting dress code. bill professed to not have a clue why i would show up to work that way! nancy remarked, "*what could spaetzele have been thinking!!!*" thrown right. under. the. bus. the company owners demanded that i be fired on the spot for the offense, and stand-up people that they were, bill and nancy stood by me and refused to do it because i was a loyal employee who had always worked hard for them since the day they had opened (and by the way, i had been told to dress exactly that way *by them*). no, wait, sorry. that didn't happen. what actually happened was that they told the owners that they, too couldn't tolerate my unexplained out-of-uniformness and pledged i would be fired that very day! being the honorable people they were, they actually passed off the task of firing me to the store manager, i suppose so they wouldn't ever have my wtf face burned into their brains for all eternity. to recap so far: told to work out of uniform by bosses, bosses get caught by corporate, i am betrayed and fired. the story doesn't end here, though! having just found out i was fired for an absolutely ridiculous (and, frankly, totally lazy and insulting) reason, my first instinct was to get pissed, throw my apron in their faces, and give them my best double salute as i marched out the door. but my second instinct was...well, i really do need that next pay check before i go on my trip, and, hell, everyone knows i was going to quit anyway. so i proposed to the manager that i just work the remainder of the couple of weeks as originally intended. she got the ok from the richmans, who i now could not even look in the face without fantasizing about throwing hot coffee at them, and i worked until the week before i was due to fly away. my last shift finally comes - a closing shift. right before we were about to lock the store's door behind us for the night, the telephone rang. the other employee i was working with - a good friend - answered it and handed over the reciever, telling me it was bill and he wanted to talk to me. "i don't want to talk to bill, i just want to go home," i said, thinking he was going to give me some drippy goodbye speech, but the truth was i was that once i saw the richmans' true colors i was glad to see the back of them and didn't feel the need to pretend we were parting on friendly terms. "just take it so we can get out of here," my friend said. so i took the telephone and said, "yes, bill?" "hey spaetzele," said bill in a nauseatingly singsongy voice, "i just wanted to wish you well on your trip, and ask you if you'll be coming to back to work with us when you return." i blinked. i gave my friend my best "is this shit for real?" face. i cleared my throat and replied, "well, no, bill. i am not coming back to the store. that is not the plan." bill - shocked - asked, "but why not?? you can't just leave us! we'll miss you!" gag. controlling rage i didn't know it was even possible to feel, i told bill: "bill, you know exactly why. *you fired me*. today is my last day of work, and i am never going to come back here." bill: "oh, c'mon, you know -" click. i hung up on him. turned off the light, locked the door, and had an awesome trip. **tl/dr - got told to wear clothes to clean in, got fired for doing what i was asked, boss attempted to un-fire me on my last day, fuck that shit.**i work part time at a fairly well-known steak house chain. i was working there waiting tables last night, following a full day's shift at my day job. i wasn't brough on until 5:45, so i come in and hit the ground running. it's the middle of the dinner rush, i'm not sure of my sidework because i haven't had a minute to stop running and check. suffice to say, it was stressful. then i get the table with the mother, her ~15 yr old daughter, and her ~3 year old son. while taking orders, she asks if we accept a coupon code on her phone, and holds it up to show me the words "it's her birthday." well after getting all the food out, i had the manager comp them a gargantuan chocolate behemoth for dessert. i even went and put candles on it, managed to find a lighter to light them, the whole shebang. the girl loved it. at the end of the night, the woman had tipped me just over 15%. but the best part of the night came when the 3-4 year old says, in their cute little attempted language, 'thanks for the noodles and ketchup and cake' then launches himself from the booth and wraps his arms around me in the best hug i've had in months. made my week! that there's a tale from retail i hope y'all can appreciate almost as much as i did.i needed a manager to allow the current transaction to continue, but it was a busy day and had to wait for a manager, when the guy behind them asked what the hold up was (in a friendly way, this guy wasn't rude at all) and realized we needed a manager, he mentioned he knew how to get a manager to show up. then he yells "what do you mean there's no manager" and like 5 seconds later a manager shows up. he mentioned he took a while because he was being yelled at by another customer.dragon here from the den of appliance parts. i love customers... &gt;angry lady: "i ordered a part from here and you never called me." &gt;me: "okay, let me take a look... here we go." -i go to get her order- &gt;al: "why didn't you call? i gave you my number... why say you're going to call if you don't call?" &gt;me: "we call as soon as we get the parts, ma'am." -place parts on counter- &gt;al: "no you didn't, you never call... i just don't see the point in taking my number if you don't call." &gt;me: -place her will-call ticket on the counter and point at it- "is that your number?" &gt;al: "yes." &gt;me: -point at another spot on the ticket with my notes- "i called on the 26th, and again on the 10th at these specific times and left a message on your machine. here's your parts and your invoice, have a nice day." i just smiled at her as she muttered something about never getting the messages. not my fault you don't know how to you use your voice mail!guys. this just happened to me and i'm so disturbed and amused all at once. i work at a sandwich place in southern california and today i am register. i will be the first to say that i have a crude sense of humor and that i am well aware old people give exactly zero fucks. i will fondly call this woman crazy old woman (cow). the order has already been placed and as standard practice, i ask for identification whenever someone uses their card. me: may i see your id, please? cow: which breast? left or right? *slightly adjusting them while laughing* me: oh my god. cow: have you ever heard about the worst form of rejection? me: ...no? cow: are you over 18, honey? me: *genuinely interested and amused now* 22! cow: lean in close. *whispers* the worst form of rejection is when your hand falls asleep while masturbating. i literally didn't know how to react instead of just laughing. it honestly made me believe i would be like that when i'm older. definitely one to remember. i used to work for a major clothing store that i won't name, but uses a lot of semi-nude advertising and makes their clothes in la. let's call it absolutely awful (aa). i was 21 and had been working at an aa in san francisco for about three months. during my time, my manager (who was three years older than me, let's call her young bitch) made it clear from day one she was "not to be messed with". fine, whatever, i kept my head down and did my job, but young bitch kept rescheduling me for days i wasn't scheduled (especially opening shifts), and after waking up for the fourth opening in a row, i needed a break, so i requested a monday and tuesday off so i could go down to los angeles and visit my family, relax a little. everything approved, i made it to la on saturday. by that night i was feeling terrible. nausea, aching, hot and cold flashes, and the beginning of a sore throat. at least i was home, my mom was there to feed me chicken soup and it wasn't bad having the time off. at least i wouldn't have to use my sick days. sunday i am walking death. humidifier on blast, spent tissues littering the floor, my pillow is soaked completely through with sweat and drool. i get a call from my manager. yb: we need you to come in tomorrow. me: hey, nice to hear from you too, but i'm really really sick and i'm on vacation, you approved the days yourself. yb: well, you're on the schedule rotation to be on call (separate from being scheduled for shifts), and we need you to come in and open. me: i'm not doing that. i literally have an over 100 degree fever. yb: well we'll just have to see how that goes over with [her boss]. now, i really needed this job. this was around the deepest part of the recession, and was the first job of any kind that i'd found in months. this was not a good situation to be in. me: i'll call around and find someone to cover for me then, because i'm sick in los angeles. yb: no. we need you to come in, you've had three shifts covered this month. long story short, in desperation and sickness, i decided i'd fucking drive back up overnight, come in, work the shift, then go to my apartment and die there. i loaded up on asprin and water, took a hot shower, packed up my car and took the 5. halfway through, around 2am, i had to stop at a rest station for gas and i passed out in the front seat, waiting for my tank to fill. i rolled up to the storefront at exactly 5am. i looked like hell and i knew it, so i opened and went into the back bathroom to freshen up and change. when i stepped out, both of my managers were waiting for me, which was strange. young bitch told me not to clock in, and to follow them into their tiny office. then she said it. "we're going to have to let you go". i glared at them both, the other manager hadn't said a word. "why couldn't you [heavy coughing] do this over the phone", i wheezed. she stared. "we needed you to come in so you could pick up your check." she handed me a sealed envelope, my address on the front. "all you fucking had to do was stamp this. look at me, look at how sick i am, and you made me drive from los angeles to get fired!?", i shouted. young bitch started to mutter some excuse, but i wasn't fucking having it. i turned around and walked out, slamming the door with my last check in hand. i went home, downed a bit of whiskey, drew a bath, and finished the whiskey. when i woke up i felt better than i had in a while. tl;dr my boss made me drive from la to sf to fire me in person while i had the flu.i work as a fill manager at a grocery store in australia. one day i am kneeling on the floor hastily stuff cartons into the lower shelf. an elderly chinese lady arrives holding an empty box and tries to get my attention. i ask her if i could help her and she points at the box and makes a 'psshh' sound. she obviously doesn't speak english so i try to communicate to her through mime. i assume she wants the item that would have been in the box, but not. she mimes again, the box, the 'psshh', then the points to her knee and says 'owe'. its all clicking through my head until she then points to my knees. 'owe'. she wants me to kneel on the cardboard so that i don't hurt my knees. i feel sad that so few people care that the worlds 'servants' feel pain and misery like everybody else. but happy that every so often you run into somebody who treats you like a human being.so here's a story from my time at overrated canadian coffee shop that i was reminded of from a previous story today. when i worked there, i was the only male to work the counter in the general area that encompassed a dozen stores. seeing the girls get hit on by creepy guys was a daily occurrence, and most of them laughed about it, and so did i eventually. so this day, it was a hot afternoon in july, and the store was sweltering. company policy said that we had to keep all the buttons done up, right to the throat. where it was so hot, our manager gave us permission to waive the policy that day and unbutton the top button of our uniform. i was working the window, taking money and passing out drinks (seriously. who the fuck gets coffee in the middle of a heat wave?). one guy comes to the window, gets his coffee and pays with a $5 bill. i pass him his change, about $3, and he tells me to keep it. puzzled, i tell him how much it is. he says that's fine, and drives off. i shrug my shoulders, put it in the tip jar, and tell the girls. they giggle, and we move on to the next customer. over the course of the next 2 hours, he comes through 4 more times, leaving his change each time. after the last time, my supervisor looks at me, laughs, and tells me to unbutton the next button to see if i can get a bigger tip from him, or at least his phone number. tl; dr: got hit on by a gay guy that everyone knew was gay except me.**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 3200 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new year’s eve. **story:** fireworks are supposed to be exciting and fun, and i want my customers to have that same experience when they shop at my store. i try very hard to make sure that every person leaves my store with a smile on their face. this is the story of someone who did not. during the rush this past 4th, my so grabbed me and told me that we had a customer who was very upset. i dropped what i was doing and followed her. i immediately recognized the guy as one of our regulars who spends a lot of money. he’s an older gentleman, probably in his mid-50’s, and he had always been reasonably nice when i had previously helped him. he was standing just outside of the tent with his shopping cart, and he was obviously pissed off. as soon as he saw me, the profanity filled tirade started. it was loud and obscene enough that i noticed that people within 20’ of us were turning around to watch. as he is going off, one of my cashiers and my so walk up behind me. apparently, one of our credit card machines was not working properly when he was trying to make a purchase. the cashier had swiped his card three separate times, and he was convinced that he was going to be charged three times. the cashier kept trying to explain to him that it wasn’t taking the card, and that she had only put in the charge amount one time, so it wouldn’t charge him three times. my so tries to tell him that she can quickly run a report to make sure that he wasn’t charged three times. he keeps interrupting both of them to tell them that they’re wrong and that he doesn’t have time for them to run a @#$@% report. in the meantime, he’s now spent 5 minutes standing in the parking lot spewing obscenities. i kept trying to interject and defuse the situation, but he refused to stop screaming, and just shouted over me every time i tried to talk to him. a few of the priceless gems that i remember: &gt;**guy:** i see how you run a fucking business! your cashier was rude to me and never apologized. &gt; &gt;**guy:** if you people knew what the fuck you were doing, we wouldn’t be standing here. &gt; &gt;**guy:** i spend a lot of money here, but i’m never coming back here again if this is the way you treat your good customers. &gt; &gt;**guy:** now i have to take the time to call my credit card company to dispute your fucking charges. &gt; &gt;**guy:** i’m going to call the radio station (where i advertise) and let them know what a piece of shit place this is. &gt; &gt;**guy:** i’m going to sue you for wasting my time. during this entire tirade, i’m continually trying to talk to him, but he just keeps shouting over me. ...remember that scene in “national lampoon’s vacation” where clark loses it. yeah, that’s pretty much what happened to me. &gt;**me:** (yelling even louder than him) if you would just shut the fuck up for a second, maybe i could help you. he was stunned. he just looked at me for a second and then said, “what are you going to do?” i walked inside the tent, grabbed an item similar to what he had in his cart, then walked back out and handed it to him. &gt;**me:** (still yelling) have a nice day! i then turned around and walked back into the tent. i’ll be honest, when i first went back into the tent, i was planning to grab cash from the register to refund his money, hand him the cash, take back the firework from his cart, and tell him to get the fuck out! in a split second, i decided to take the high road. i’m still on the fence as to whether i made the right decision. i did go back afterward and verify that we only charged him one time. i can tell you one thing. if he comes back this year, he’s going to have to apologize to my entire staff before i sell him anything, i don't care how much money he spends. **edit:** i should also mention that i was embarrassed by my behavior. i still can't believe i snapped. i think part of it was that the guy yelling and cussing at my so as well. i don't tolerate men yelling at women very well, and yelling at my so even less. ---- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](i came into work particularly grumpy today, so on my lunch break i decided to overdose on caffeine. i worked drive thru on the dinner rush, and i was all smiles and bouncing off the walls with positivity, really trying to give it my best. then i took an order from a clearly passive - aggressive old lady. i tried to kill her with kindness, all the while i anticipated she would complain about something. was she going to complain about the price? was she going to say her food was too cold? was she going to complain about the wait time? i kept trying to guess what she would try to pull, but she didn't say anything, she just had this hard frown on her face and spoke with a fearsome growl. i got through the whole transaction without issue, and i was convinced i had avoided a complaint... but at the very end before she drove away, she shoots me this death glare, and says: &gt; "you really need to calm down, young man. nobody should be that happy while there is so much suffering in the world." of all the things i was anticipating she would say, that was not one of them. so i just kind of had this blank stare on my face as she drove away. of course, a minute later i figured i could have replied with "smiles are part of the uniform, ma'am. have a nice day." but it was too late. so i guess she won that round. edit: thank you for the gold! you have brought me a smile. :) *phone rings* me: "thank you for calling [store] how may i help you?" customer (c): "what time do you close?" me: "we close at 7:00 exactly" c: "if i get there at 7:05 will you be able to help?" me: "unfortunately not, we close at 7 and our system will be shut down for the night" c: "but why can't you help me?" m: "because we'll be closed." c: "but [competitor] stays open later, why won't you help me?" me: "because we'll be closed" c: *hangs up*i work at the service desk at a grocery store which has a gas station in the parking lot. it is the service desk job to relieve the people running it for their breaks and lunches, so normally i spend about an hour a day out there. i could go on forever about the crazy things i have seen people do or things i have been yelled at for, but this one takes the cake. it took place a few years ago, but i'll tell it as best i can. it was just an average day and i was out at fuel to relieve a lunch. i look up from my phone and see a woman fast approaching. she looks pissed. i greet her through the intercom and ask how i can help her. let's call her dumb broad because that's what she was. **dumb broad**: i believe i just filled my car up with diesel, but i know i selected unleaded! the price is higher and i want a refund! i did not select diesel! now at this point i should mention i was exhausted and didn't even want to put up with her, much less try and figure out how she accidentally filled her car with diesel. **me**: um, okay. i'm sorry that happened. well i can't refund that out here without approval, but if you would like to go inside and talk to a manager they might be able to help you out. she huffs and puffs and walks back to her car to drive it closer to the store. now again, i was exhausted and didn't even think to tell her that probably wasn't the best idea to even start the car, but that's what she gets for being an idiot. shortly after my co-worker returns from lunch and i head back into the store. when i walk in i see the dumb broad standing at the counter talking to a manager. she sees me walk in and points. **dumb broad**: she told me you guys would refund it for me! she said she couldn't but you would! **manager**: did you tell her that? **me**: no, i said you guys might be able to help her, but that's it. **manager** *face lights up*: wait a second, isn't the handle for diesel entirely it's own on the opposite side of the pump and bright green? **me**: why yes, yes it is now that you mention it. **manager**: and isn't the nozzle that goes into the tank bigger so that it doesn't fit into non-diesel vehicles? also yes. i hadn't thought of either of these things. now dumb broad seems extra dumb and i'm trying not to giggle. **manager**: so how exactly did you manage to fill up without realizing that the handle was bright green and labeled diesel and that the nozzle didn't fit in your car? **dumb broad**: well i held the handle outside of the tank the whole time and let the gas run in because i wasn't sure why it didn't fit! this is ridiculous and i just want a refund! **manager**: okay well, this is not our fault in the slightest seeing as were multiple warnings that you were using the incorrect nozzle. i suggest you call a tow truck to go get your tank drained because if you try to drive your car, it is going to break down. have a nice day! the look on this lady's face was amazing. she used our phone to call for a tow truck and ended up waiting almost 3 hours for someone to come get her. tl,dr: don't be oblivious to what you are doing or you will not only be humiliated, but also have a pretty penny to pay for it.how do you know when someone frequents a porno palace too much? when the police show up at the smut hut with a warrant on the person trying to locate him. you could try going to family. you could try going to friends. naw, you just go down to the local dildo ranch because the guy is known to be there all the time. sadly (luckily?) he wasn't at the whack shack when they came that time. i have not seen him in a bit, so i’m guessing they managed to track him down.received a call from a customer requesting a refund of a non-refundable deposit (scheduled installation of an alarm). i informed them it's non-refundable, but i can transfer to another item/job, issue store credit, etc. they demand to speak to a manager, of course. i begin to explain that the manager is on vacation overseas for 10 days, but she cuts me off every time, getting increasingly angry/belligerent. &gt;me: "the manager is..." &gt;c: "i don't !@#!#! care! put the !@## manager on the phone! now!" soon, she's cutting me off with screaming profanity before i can get a word out. she caught the idea that "the manager isn't available at the moment" and demanded to hold until they are. yes ma'am. hold away, i have paying customers to assist. our phone beeps every 5 minutes so you don't forget someone is on hold. my associate picked it up, thanked her for holding, and asked if he can help. she asked if he's the manager, he said no, and she started over again. soon, all staff knew a crazy lady was holding for the manager and not to pick up the hold line. an hour later, she finally hangs up and calls back, furious. again, cuts me off as soon as i speak and demands to talk to a manager. she's shrieking like a demon at this point, barely intelligible, like a female don vito. again, demands to hold for the manager. again, i put her on hold. another half hour, and she hangs up. soon after, she's in our store, screaming that she missed work and went over her cell minutes because she was on hold and we now owe her the entire deposit, and her lost wages, and need to reimburse her cell phone charges, or she's going to sue us. demands to talk to the manager. &gt;me: "ma'am, as my associate and i tried to tell you multiple times, the manager is on vacation overseas for 10 days." &gt;c: "then why did you put me on hold!? why did you waste my time!?" &gt;me: "you screamed profanity and demanded to be put on hold for the manager, and refused to talk to anyone else. multiple times." screaming stopped. demands stopped. profanity stopped. she asked what day the manager would be back (in her normal person voice), nodded her head, and walked out without another word. never came back, never called, missed her appointment, didn't answer reminder calls, and now the deposit has turned to store credit.at the moment the supermarket that i work at is having a sale on toilet paper. it is a pretty big saving - half price off one of the more 'premium' brands, making it a good deal. there are 24 rolls to the packet, so the limit of 3 per customer shouldn't be too much of a problem... i mean 72 rolls of toilet paper will last you a while. anyway, my story begins with a middle aged man (lets call him angry customer, or ac) who came in and went straight to the toilet paper display area and loaded his trolley (shopping cart) with as many packs that he could fit, totally disregarding the "limit 3 per customer" sign that was next to the price, in the catalogue, and even taped onto some of the packs of toilet paper that he had put into his trolley. i noticed him line up at one of the checkouts, and as i was supervising i thought i would politely tell him about the limit before he gets to the front of the line and hold things up. me: excuse me sir but we have a limit of 3 packs of toilet paper per customer, sorry! ac: no that's okay, i'll just take these (he smirks at me) me: sorry but you have 7 packs in your trolley but we can only sell you 3. ac: what? why? this is the special for this week. me: yes, i know that however in order for all customers to have a chance at buying a--- (i was cut off) ac: it was in the catalogue and advertised on tv so you have to sell them to me. me: it was also advertised as having a limit of 3 per customer. we will gladly sell you 3 packs but that is all. at this point it is his turn to be served and he turns away from me and hands the cashier one pack, telling her that he has 7 in total that he will pay for. i then interrupted, me: excuse me sir but like i said we can not sell you more than 3 packs ac: am i talking to you? just let me pay and piss off! at this point i didn't even bother replying and the cashier had stopped scanning after the 3rd pack and we all just stood there waiting for him to either pay or leave. he then proceeded to take out the extra packs that we wouldn't sell to him and toss them on the floor and then told me that i was a "smartass". do you want to know what the worst part about this is? basically the same thing happens at least once a shift where i inform customers of the limit... i guess the only positive is that i'm becoming immune to the idiotic comments they make about me to try and make themselves feel better after being called out on their shit. tl;dr: customer doesn't want to understand the concept of "limit 3 per customer"4 years ago a customer wanted a discount on a lunch bag that was allegedly missing an item. the tag stated "reusable lunch container". the customer interpretation was an extra container was included with the lunch bag. after politely informing her she was wrong and showed her the rest of them didn't include extra items, she called me a fat grinch. i never forgot her or her horrible cankle tattoo. between then and now i was transferred and promoted. i also shaved my head and lost about 40 pounds. 1 day ago said customer happened to apply for a job at my location. i did not know it was her based on the name. however once seeing her and her tattoo (she wore denim capris) i knew it was her. i do not think she initially remembered me or the incident. towards the end of the interview we talked about handling tough situations. i asked her how she would handle a customer making remarks about their personal appearance. the light bulb came on and she remembered me. after thanking her for her time she was on her way out. looking at her app, she had been unemployed for 3 years. it felt so good rejecting that candidate. and for legal reason, i rejected her based on appearance and not making eye contact. edit: she kinda looled like the girl on the right, but with a pixie cut. not a super awful story, but irritating just the same. i worked in a department-type store last summer. like most department stores, we sold some candy, caramel corn, and stuff at the front register, but no actual food, like meals or anything. this one lady comes up to me at the register and asks if we sell lunch. i say no, and she asks where she could get it. there's a wendy's and a panda express across the street, as well as a few local stores, so i name those. she shakes her head, and says "no, i want lunch". i then name a fewer high end places nearby, thinking she wants a good, nice lunch. she then yells "no! i want lunch!" and pantomimes holding a bag. "a...lunchbox?" i ask. she then yells yes, that's what she wanted, and is confused as to why i would think she wanted lunch. i tell her no, we don't sell those, and she huffs and says "you don't sell lunch...". i'm sorry for thinking that you meant lunch when you said lunch!i work at a rising chain of supermarkets in the uk, have done for a year. around february we hired a new girl. finally we have sacked her, and it's not a moment too soon. there were many things that she could have been sacked for, as she never made it out of the probation period, but this was the final one. most of this is second hand knowledge as i wan't there. i'm in on an early shift, from 5:30 till 1pm. not keen on those shifts for several reasons, but whatever, i was doing it. ng(new girl) is meant to be in at 12, and would take over the primary checkout from me. doesn't turn up till 3, and as we were short staffed i stayed an extra half hour as we were unable to take my till and cash it up due to the safe key changing hands at roughly the same time. basically, everyone was annoyed with her at this point and if i'd not already gone home when she arrived i'd have had a go at her. she turns up, in a bad mood already. the duty manager(a woman in her 40's, she's really nice and doesn't lose her temper with anyone, pleasure to work with) tells her to go on the primary checkout. she refuses. dm tells her again to do it. ng says 'fine but these customers are going to fucking get it today, i'm not in the mood'. another colleague was also in the room at this point so could verify this. i don't have a problem with people getting annoyed and saying things about customers when they're not there, but given how she acted it's relevant. she goes out, and is apparently clearly sulking, but doing her job. until she gets to a customer with a lot of fresh fruit and vegetables....she's being quite careless with it(while i wasn't there, this is standard, she's careless in general), and she probably bruised some apples and other fruit. he tells her to be more careful. she sulks, and says nothing to him in return or for the rest of the transaction other than to say the cost. he hands over the money, she throws the change across the checkout at him. claims she dropped it, but again, another co-worker can verify she's lying. customer complains and is asked if he'll write a statement for us(we want rid of ng), while the colleague who saw this all happen also writes one. on the day of her disciplinary she comes in, accuses dm and other colleague of lying, and the customer, uses a statement from her mother saying 'she wouldn't do that' as a defence, and threatens to sue the shop for wrongful dismissal. never seen the rest of the staff so happy. i shouldn't be happy to see someone fired but she deserves it. i've posted before about her and why she's a bad employee. tl;dr - being awful at your job tends to end in losing your job. edit - top of tfr? wow, did not expect this! just a note, there's much more to why she's a bad employee, this is just the tale of her firing.howdy tfr. second post, i work at an entertainment park. a given customer will walk through the front door, up to the front desk, pay for wristband(s) and enter the park. we get dozens of people an hour and we bring in stupid amounts of money. because of this, we do hourly cash drops, and therefore cannot accept bills larger than 50. we even have a fancy little sign taped to the surface of the front desk that says so... saturday afternoon, busiest time of the week. sixty person line out the door. scraggly dad gets to the front with his child and we exchange the usual back and forth. his total comes out to something like 17 dollars, and he drops a crumpled benjamin on the counter. me:"sorry, sir. we cannot accept bills larger than $50." sd:"you're kidding me right? you people bring in thousands of dollars every day, and you can't take a hundred?" me:"i really can't take it, it's just policy" sd:"no, you'll take my hundred, i know you have change. just give me my wristband and my change" *pushes hundred closer* me:"unfortunately due to our volume of income we have to drop register into the safe every hour, i couldn't break your 100 even if there wasn't a policy". sd:"look, kid (i'm 21 y/o, dude was 19, he had to sign a waiver and i saw his birthday) you have to break my hundred. you don't have a sign, and i know you have change." *reaches for wristband that i pulled out beforehand, i pull it back and he slams his palm on the table* me:"sir as you can see here *point to his hand, which is covering the sign*, we cannot accept your 100 dollar bill. it is policy, clearly stated, if you cannot pay then you'll have to step out of line." sd then sighs a big fat sigh, his cute little kid is completely oblivious and pulling on sd's pant leg to get into the park (poor little guy). but wait, sd turns to the massive line of impatient people and yells at the top of his lungs "can anyone here break a freakin' 100 dollar bill?!" his voice cracked and his son started crying. everyone in line silently gives him one of [these]( and sd finally grabs his 100, grabs his wailing kids wrist and leaves the park. while i was happy the dude left, and of course i felt bad for the kid, this is nowhere near any of the crazier parents that elicit our condolences. still, what a rude guy. edit: didn't expect so much attention, let me clarify some things. a. the dude must have eventually returned with change because i saw him and his kid half an hour later in the park, i didn't check him in. b. it was 11 dollars for him and 6 dollars for his kid. c. as most of you can figure out for yourselves, i don't make the freakin' policy. i personally have no issues with taking a hundred dollar bill, usually we have enough change in the drawer (at the time i did not) and we have those counterfeit detecting pens, but it's not my policy. i can't do it. some think it's terrible, i personally think it's a good idea, i wouldn't want to lose thousands of dollars if my business was robbed, so drop your cash. if you sometimes can't break hundreds because of that, just don't take 100s, less to worry about. d. depending on the gm who is working with us behind the desk, we can take 100's if it's a slow day and the total is more than $50. this instance was neither of those things. e. people keep saying i am a jerk for the way i handled this guy, i get that. but where i work, you follow policy strictly or you're fired, and after 4 hours of screaming children, rude parents, and dozens of birthday parties, i am in no mood to give special treatment to one stubborn angry guy. edit2: also for those saying i should get a manager (which customers ask for as well), the manager is usually in his office on the other side of the park and hardly answers his phone. i know, it's inefficient, but i just work there. also, the manager is just going to follow his policy. that's how it is most places like this, it's occasionaly a hassle for customers, but usually it just makes everyone's life easier.i work at a large retail store that you have probably been to. i work in the produce department so that means i get to stock fruit and vegetables and fun things like that. anyways, yesterday i was working and it was a busy day for a sunday. (i live in a religious area where not many people go do stuff on sundays) the entire day people had been ruder than usual. i usually have no problems with my job, everyone is nice and i enjoy being nice to people and helping people out when they have questions but it seemed that yesterday everyone was grumpy for some reason. nothing big enough to make a post solely about that, but grumpier than usual. i was stocking some cucumbers when someone touched my shoulder and said, "excuse me, young man." right when i heard this i got a little nervous because i've learned in my time on the job that when someone is going to be especially rude, it's an elderly man. i turned around and put on my smile and said, "yes? how can i help you?" i was expecting a rude tone about something because his face seemed a little distressed but instead he smiled as well and said, "do you have any corn? there isn't any in the bin it's usually kept in." i realized that i had been stocking everything else but somehow in the rush of the day i had forgotten to stock the corn and now it was empty, causing a misfortune for a lot of customers. "i'm sorry sir. i'll hurry and get the corn from the back. i know we have some back there." and i rushed off to get the corn. when i got back i began to stock the corn. the old man stayed around though and began to have a conversation with me. he was a very nice old man and asked how long i'd been working at where i worked at, how the day was going, if my boss was working me hard. it was nice to actually have a person kind of appreciate what i was doing instead of acting like i was their slave. as i finished stocking the corn and went back to my other tasks i said to him, "i'm sorry i didn't have the corn stocked originally, that was my fault." he said, "don't worry about it. even if you didn't have any corn, there are more important things in life than corn." the old man's conversation made me happy the rest of the day. i wish that every person who gives me a glare or mutters something under their breath whenever i say we're out of something would understand that there are more important things in life than [item] and that being rude isn't going to get them what they want. tl;dr: old guy makes me happyso i work in a convenience store and on a daily basis i have to deal with lottery addicts and alcoholics. some of these people are terrible. others are okay and some are my favorite people in the world. i was dealing with a guys lottery numbers and he plays probably 20 or 30 tickets that i have to scan and send. a third of the way through 3 or 4 people walk in to the store which is kind of a lot for us as we are small. i usually try and take care of the person i have first then move on to the beer and cigarette people because that is quicker. so as i'm taking care of lotto guy this rude alcoholic man child walks up and slams his $5.00 bottle of watered down vodka on the counter, waits 5 seconds and says, "fucking lottery people." there are 4 people around all waiting patiently for their various purchases and the lotto guy i was working on was being very kind. so i stop everything and say "excuse me sir? you can either wait hate patiently like an adult or you can wait like a child and get out of here." he was taken aback and he slurred "i'll wait... i'm patient..." i finished up with lotto guy and then took care of the boozed up baby. he left and then all the i other people in the store started laughing their asses off. one woman who plays lottery there told me she was glad i said something because she was about to jump on his back. it was a good day for this minimum wage worker. tl;dr: i made a drunk old man apologize like a child for being impatient.i used to be an assistant manager at a food service establishment that was a national chain. against my recommendation my general manager hired one of our employees' boyfriend/fiancee/husband (what he was depended on who she was lying to at the time) to be a baker. after we hired him we noticed food would go missing and that the freezer was starting to smell a lot like marijuana. i'm not talking about a little food. it would be whole turkeys and hams. needless to say we watched the videos and fired him for various reasons (stealing, violation of drug policy). apparently in (state) it is required that when an employee is fired that their last paycheck has to be issued and mailed within 3 days of termination. on the 3rd day after the termination the ex-employee calls and demands that i give him his paycheck. i informed him that his check would not be coming to the restaurant but would be mailed to his address that we had on file. i then provided him with the number for our corporate payroll department that he could call if he had questions. in a huff he hung up on me. a while later he called me back and told me that they claimed to have mailed the check the day before and he should be expecting it anytime. apparently this was not good enough for him and he wanted his check that day and started to get belligerent on the phone. at this point i got another manager into the office and put him on speakerphone so that they could hear. after a while he informed me that if he didn't have his paycheck by the end of the day that he would be coming to the restaurant to get his money by force and would be suing me personally for not providing his compensation within the legal time-frame. i politely asked him when he considered end of business for the day and when we should expect him. after he hung up the phone i called the police and informed them of the situation. promptly at the specified time (the first time he had been on time for anything related to his job) he arrived with a baseball bat and demanded his money. the police who were sitting in the dining room stood up and arrested him for assault. i don't know what he expected to get out of me seeing as i had no authority to give him money from the safe or registers and was not liable legally for the situation at all. the funny thing is that his mail was delayed that day and according to his female...person his check arrived 2 hours after he got arrested. i pressed charges and since he had a record he went away for several years. he should be able to go cash that check here in about a year and a half. too bad he will need to call payroll to get them to reissue it because they cancel the checks after 90 days.the power was out at out store. apparently the construction crew renovating part of the theater attached to our mall zigged when they should have zagged, and took out one of those huge fuses that are about the size of a toilet paper tube. everything on our side of the mall was out, although we still had a trickle of voltage. i'm not sure why, but our incandescent lights were on at about 15-20% of their normal voltage, and our clock radios were all flashing midnight at about a third of their normal brightness and speed. as a result, we kept the gate down and locked for the better part of the morning. i was thoroughly enjoying myself-it was a break in the day to day routine. to keep myself occupied and to make the most of the down time, i started checking in a shipment by flashlight. suddenly clueless lady comes walking up to the gate. she stops for a second and then *tries to lift the locked gate*. &gt;me: ma'am, we're closed. &gt;cl: but the sign says your hours are 9am to 8pm... and it's 11:30. &gt;me: yeah, unfortunately the power is out and we can't open the store. &gt;cl: well, how long is the power gonna be out for? &gt;me: i'm really not sure... that's up to the power company. they're working on it right now. &gt;cl: so when are you gonna be open? &gt;me: *deep sigh* as soon as the power comes back on. &gt;cl: when is that gonna be? &gt;me: *blank stare... oh, you were serious!* ... what i actually said was: i really don't know; this is a unique situation, beyond our control. &gt;cl: well, *since you're not doing anything*, can you grab the things on this list for me? *since i'm not--- okay... sure!* i put down the clipbopard, step over the piles of merchandise i had actively been sorting out, and walk over to the *closed* gate and politely take her list. &gt;me: okay, let's see what we've got here... i then go around the store picking out the items on her list by flashlight. i put them all on the counter and walk back to hand her her list. &gt;me: there we go... cl tries to hand me her credit card through the *closed* gate. &gt;me: ... &gt;cl: ... &gt;me: ... i finally look at the card and back to her. &gt;me: was there something else? &gt;cl: no, just take my card and check me out. &gt;me: ... &gt;cl: ... i look over my shoulder into the dark store and back to her. &gt;me: how do you think i'm gonna do that? with the power out and all? &gt;cl: so the registers aren't working? &gt;me: ... &gt;cl: how long before the lights come back on? &gt;me: i'm really not sure, ma'am. that's up to the power company. &gt;cl: so when can i get my stuff? &gt;me: as soon as we open. &gt;cl: and when will that be? *oh, dear god, just kill me now...* my manager who had been listening to the last three or so minutes of the modern "who's on first" routine finally called me into the back room to get me away from her. she stood out there the whole time, waiting for the power to come back on, and then she was put off by the fact that we wouldn't be open until the computers fully booted up. &gt;cl: you guys really should plan better for this kind of thing! ...and i died a little more inside.i work for a popular fiber cable company that is primarily located on the east coast in the promotions department. we handle promotional visa gift cards and assist company employees and retirees with getting their discounts. this call was from an older lady, ol, and honestly the call started out pretty decent. she wasn't super friendly but she wasn't outright mean, either. i apologize for the length, blah blah blah. me: thank you for choosing company, this is fionna. could i get the number associated with the account starting with the area code first? ol: .... 999-999-9999. me: thank you. do i have permission to access your account? ol: .... yes. me: okay, give me just one sec while i get everything loaded up.... aaaaaand there we go. what can i do for you? ol: yes, i was wondering if you offered a senior discount. me: unfortunately we do not offer a senior discount. ol: oh okay. how would i go about cancelling my services? me: if you give me just a minute, i can get you over to retention and they would be more than happy to go over your options with you. ol: you slow the hell down!!!!!!!! now, this honestly came out of nowhere and took me by complete surprise. i have no idea what happened. me: i'm sorry? ol: get me a manager! now! me: ma'am, i-- ol: get me a manager now! get me a manager! me: okay, give me just a second and i'll see if one is available. this was a saturday so there was only one supervisor and he was currently on a sup call right behind me that had been going on for over an hour, so obviously he wasn't going to be able to take the call. me: okay, i'm sorry but there isn't a supervisor currently available. but if you give me just a second, i can get you over to retention where they ca-- ol: no. i want to talk about you. i don't like your attitude! me: ma'am. you don't have to call in looking for a conflict. i'm honestly trying my best to help you out here. ol: what is your name? where are you? me: my name is fionna. ol: and what office are you located in? me: i'm in the promotions department. ol: what office are you in? in which city? state? me: ma'am, i'm not telling you what city i'm in. ol: what state are you in?! me: i'm in state name here. ol: i'll find you. i can't explain how she said that to me. it sounded so sinister and i immediately took it as a threat which also made it so i was allowed to release the call! yay! me: alright, well thank you for choosing company and you have a great day! ol: what is your employee id?! at this point i had already put her on mute, so she sat there for a good 15 seconds before saying "i think she hung up," waiting 15 more seconds and then hanging up. i emailed our quality guy and asked him to listen to that call and he came up to me today to say he had to listen to it three times. the first time was to listen to it, the second time was because i guess he didn't believe he heard what he just heard, and the third time was for entertainment. and all day today, every time we would walk by each other, he would whisper "i'll find you." tl;dr monkeys got into the call center and covered the whole area with poop.while i'm on my 15...why not? man comes up to return 10 items. i ask for id since he has no receipt and red flag number one appears. c: here, i'll read it to you. m: got to see it, sir. hands me the card, and says as i type: c: that number 9 is actually an 8. it got washed off. i play along. me: oh! okay! i still input numbers as is how i can read it. up pops an error as this specific dl number has done too many returns w/o receipts and after exceeding the limit, the system stops you. i tell him this. c: see! that's why i told you that it was an 8. not a 9. m: i'll get my manager. c: fine. he motions my fes and asks her opinion on the number. c: it looks like an 8, right? cw: no. that's a 9. c: pfft. whatever. can i have another bag so i can leave? m: one moment, sir. c: my wife will come back with the receipt. m: awesome. have a nice day. i've never heard of numbers washing off a license. have y'all? he was calm for the most part but he was another sketchy fellow.i work in a book store part time, and today i had a really wonderful encounter. an older lady came up to cash with a magazine, ready to buy it. she was really excited, talking about how she really loves the designs in the magazine, and even showed me a few. when i rang the magazine up, it wound up being a little bit more due to a recent price increase. she became very uncertain, and looked through the magazine, and sadly decided it wasn't worth the extra cost (it went up from around $12 to $16). she left the magazine behind, and left the store. a woman and her daughter were next in line, and overheard part of the conversation. they put their purchases on the desk, and as they were getting ready to pay, the daughter asked about the magazine the lady had left behind. she wanted to add it to her transaction, and catch up to the lady so she could give it to her. the daughter left the money on the counter and ran out the door trying to catch up to the lady. i finished up the transaction, and started cashing out the next transaction when she returned. i'm happy to say that the daughter did manage to catch up to the older lady, and the lady looked super happy to have the magazine. it's really nice seeing people take an interest in other people's lives in a positive manner.so this story happened the other day but i was actually a customer in this situation. i'm on mobile so sorry for formatting. anyway my boyfriend and i were checking out with a younger cashier about my age and we were joking around as she rang up my items. suddenly a middle aged woman stomps up. lady: excuse me, every time i come here i get a cart and leave it aside while i go to the bathroom and every time i come out it's gone! cashier: sorry, someone probably saw it and put it away because people leave their carts around all the time. lady: well you should go get it for me. the cashier is halfway through my transaction and looks perplexed. i became very bothered as this lady is now interrupting my transaction for this. the cashier looks pleadingly over at the closest bagger, an elderly woman. cashier: could you please get this lady a cart? the old woman shuffles off. mind you the carts are like not fifteen feet away to the right. anyway it takes ten seconds for the bagger to retrieve the cart. meanwhile the bitchy lady is tapping her foot looking smug. boyfriend and i begin rolling our eyes and telling the cashier we are sorry. when she gets her cart the lady then leaves us, going in the very direction the carts are. the lady literally passes the carts by. the three of us exclaim "she was going that way anyway"! she just wanted an excuse to bitch and order people around. i mean if it's a problem why does she have to get a cart before going to the bathroom? can't she wait until she's done before getting one? can't she go pee before she goes shopping? no, because that implies she is a thinking and rational creature. it's annoying when carts pile up because people dump them. she just complained that the employees were doing their jobs well. i had to stop my boyfriend from angrily approaching her because i didn't want it to escalate but we made sure to make fun of her loud enough for her to hear. as i mentioned in another post, i used to work in a big bookstore. at the time this story happened, i had worked my way up from inventory clerk to cafe supervisor. most retail workers are used to jerks who leave their small children to run free in their stores without supervision while mommy or daddy go out and do whatever. in our store, when we noticed this happening, we usually gave it about two hours before we called the cops to track down the parents. on this day, the two kids running around our store were being particularly obnoxious. they were running behind the register, knocking over displays, and generally being a nuisance. so the only good manager and i went over where they were picking books off of a classics display and throwing them on the floor, and asked where their parents were. &gt;**horrible child 1** mommy's getting her hair and nails done. &gt;**me** when is she coming back? &gt;**horrible child 2** i dunno, she said might take like four hours. &gt;**manager** ok, you guys want to hang out with razorjane in the cafe while i see if i can find your mom? &gt;**horrible children** yaaaaaay! this was a sign that manager was about to call the cops and it was my job to keep the kids busy. i herded them over to the cafe where i had one of my baristas whip up two caffeinated, extra-caramel ice cream drinks and warm up two snickerdoodles. the kids continued their wild rumpus at my desk while they got increasingly cracked-out on sugar and coffee. the cops beat the mom to our store by about ten minutes, so she got slapped with a fine for negligence. she also got to take home two obnoxious children who were so wound up, they probably could have shot themselves into space. it's so rewarding to be a good samaritan. ***edit*** for all of you worried about their little hearts on caffeine, the kids were like 10 and 12. the single shot of espresso in their drinks would be about equal to a can of soda. i'm guessing that a mom who plans to leave her kids unattended for 4 hours isn't too picky about their food habits.as the title suggests, i work in an ice cream shop. one of my more important tasks is to make sure no one steals anything on the floor while serving a multitude of customers. in walks this group of middle school boys. they're loud and i immediately peg them as the "ask for 400 samples and walk away" type. sure enough, all of them ask for samples, but then they start ordering. they all pick some of the most expensive things on our menu, and add a few toppings each. this is setting off red flags because i've seen this group before and they always ask for samples and never get anything. as the boys move down the line, i'm keeping an eye on the whole group, ready to vault over the counter and chase them down if they decide to dine and dash. well i didn't have to. the last boy that i served payed for the whole group. he had gotten some money for his birthday and decided to take out his friends for ice cream. gave me the warm fuzzies and made me feel like a cynical jerk at the same time.at the checkouts for a retail store in new zealand. credit cards here have now evolved to mostly chip paywave (that's where you don't swipe or insert the card at all, merely wave it over the terminal and the sale automatically transacts with no pin required on purchases less than $80). at the checkouts and an old man comes forward to buy some shoes. as you sometimes get the man flicks his card at me to put through (i don't know why people do this when the credit card terminal is right by their face). so in the interests of clearing the queue and just being efficient i grab the card and flick it over as a paywave. i give the customer his receipt and wish him a good day. customer suddenly gets rather upset claiming the money has been stolen etc. i offer to return the shoes and then they can buy them again if they wish to try and rectify the situation. so this is how it unfolds: * return shoes - customer charges their money back into the cheque account that it came from * charge customer for shoes again - customer inserts their chip and charges their cheque account as i'm getting them to sign the slip confirming the return they notice that the money was withdrawn, returned and then withdrawn again from the same account. "what was the point of that"? they ask. you tell me.i used to work for this company that was super strict about how their stores looked and they prided themselves at having arguably some of the best warranty in the business. i was at the counter working for the task team that is known as, (no, not saying). :d anyways, i was at the counter when this guy shows up and wants to do a return. normally i don't take care of returns as that is customer service but seeing how we are in the same area, sometimes they get confused but i decide to help the guy out anyways as the line was long and i was nice that way. me: how can i help you today? grumpy grandpa(gg): i need to do a return. me: normally returns are done in customer service but i will make an exception and do the return here. gg: ok me: ok now, lets take a look here, what did you bring in today. - guy puts down some software in an already opened box. me: oh, i'm sorry sir but we can't return this. i can only exchange it for another of the same title. gg: no, you will return this. i want my money back now! me: firstly sir, there is no need to get worked up, the receipt states that once opened, software cannot be returned, secondly, please be more calm or i will call loss prevention over. gg: no, you will do your job and give me my money back. they promised me this would clean up my viruses and it didn't. give me my money back now! me: sir, i'm going to have to let you know now that i can't do anything about it. even if i were to allow the return, the system will not allow it and will only let me give you an exchange. i can't even give you store credit for this. gg: get me your manager now! - cue manager and me telling him what went down manager: what seems to be the problem? gg: your employee was being rude to me and telling me that i should go f**k myself. he's being racist. manager: firstly sir, i know that what you are telling me didn't happen as i was just in the other isle listening in on the conversation and what my employee told you and what he told me match up and is correct. once you open software, we can only exchange it for another copy of the same name. - cue an ensuing argument and manager making an exception. gg: see, i told you that you were going to give me my money back. me: actually no, you told me that i was going to give you your money back. i didn't give you anything, that was my manager that authorized the return, not me. he had gotten upset and left the store vowing never to return to which i called out, see you tomorrow. sure enough, like always, i see him the next day in the other dept and as i soon as i go up to assist another customer near him, i see him dart for another dept out of sheer embarrassment. another tale from the travel agent with a creepy captain! so a few years ago, i was given the responsibility of training several new staff members (unofficially and without any support, time or remuneration of course) and as a result had to keep an eye on all customer interactions with the new agents as our job is pretty info heavy. in comes the you're-my-slave lady (yms lady for short.) yms lady has booked her flights online, with another company, in another state. yms lady has selected for her tickets to be sms'd to her mobile. yms lady has decided that our job is to be an information service and has come to us for us to do her online check-in for her. my new agent (let's call her kelly) tries to half-heartedly explain that it's not our job, that we didn't do the booking and that she has to do it herself. getting nowhere, she decides to give in and do the online check in for this lady. except she doesn't know how, and calls me over. all good, i come over and start showing her. yms lady starts making sarcastic comments to her friend about how we don't know how to do something as simple as our jobs, and that it shouldn't take two people to do something so simple. we ignore her and check her in. here's where the fun begins - because yms lady has previously selected mobile itinerary, it has defaulted to the same method. this is not a system we use and we are only familiar with it from our own travel. yms lady wants her boarding pass printed - but we can't, because she's already checked in and we can't bring it back up now. yms lady is screaming at the two of us, calling us lazy and incompetent. she is threatening to sue us, get us fired, never book here again (which she never had in the first place) and stands up to loom over us threateningly. my customer service smile has dropped from my face, and i'm responding as little as possible. me: "yms, there's nothing else we can do. this is something that we have tried to do as a favour for you, and i can't help you any further." yms: "don't give me that snotty shit! stop being so uptight and bitchy and do your f@$!ing job!" me: "if you continue to yell at us like this, i will have to ask you to leave." yms: "you can try, bitch. look at you, you snooty cow. your head is so far up your ass you should be inside out!" me: "please leave, otherwise i will be forced to call security." yms: "you can bloody well try - i've been thrown out of worse places than this!" (i'm sure she has) this is the point that i lost my temper, somewhere in her rambling yelling, as she slammed her hands on the counter and made a motion to hit me. me: "if you touch a single hair on my head, i will call the police on you. now get the hell out of my store." yms/ "how dare you speak to me like that?! you're so fired!" me: "yeah, well, i'm not too worried. i've never had a complaint before and i'm sure they'd know better than to listen to a crazy person like you that is not even a customer!" with that, i grabbed kelly and we walked into the back room. yms screamed, threw some last parting words, knocked all of the stationery off our desks and stormed off with her meek, silent friend in tow. told boss, who laughed and bought us coffees to recover from the stress. kelly and i snuck away, called the airline, pretended to be her and cancelled her flight. tl:dr; it was non-refundable. so since my first two post went well here's a third one. like in my last story i worked at a sunglass shop in the older part of my city. on this day i had a female customer come in. she was about 5"2 brunette and a hourglass figure. lets call her hf. i, being the sells man i am, automatically ask if she needs and help. she says no and looks around the store. when another customer comes in. this customer is a guy, whom i usually don't do my pitches to since they always just ignore me. well he notices hf and try's on some glasses next to her. when he try's on the most expensive pair in the rack in front of him hf tells him that they look great on him. also that he should buy them. so he comes up to the register and pays for them. then he tries to talk to hf who started talking up another pair of shades to another female. hf ended up talking 15 people into buying expensive shades that day. at the end of it all she cqme up to me and asked if that counted as a live interview. then leaves her info and goes in with her day. tr;dl customer comes in and sells the product for me and ends up getting a job. i worked at a big box warehouse type store a few years back and it's one of those stores that have branded credit cards with the person's face on it. it always baffled me that customers would write "check id" or "see driver's license" on the back of them but, as i was supposed to do, whenever someone put that on their card i would ask for their actual id. most people would say, "why?! my picture's right there!" "i know, but you wrote 'check dl' in all caps where your signature should be so i am obligated to ask." from this point, one of two things would happen: 1) they'd show me their id apologetically and feeling a little stupid 2) they'd continue to call me stupid or act like i was a neanderthal while showing me their id. in my earlier posts, i mentioned that this store was in a higher income neighborhood so we had a lot of people in their golf attire come in. one such fellow did. polo shirt tucked into his khakis, white visor, graying hair, and a goatee. he was a portly fellow, possibly from eating too much wine and cheese. at this point in my career, i'm sick of the job and my shit-taking levels are at record lows. he clearly wrote, "check driver's license" on the card with his photo on it so before i charged it, i asked for it. "that's me." "yes, i know it's you but since you wrote to check your license, i have to ask." "that's fucking stupid. i'm not taking out my id." "i'm not charging the card then." "you little shit, do you know who i am? i'm not taking out my id." "i have no idea who you are because you wont show me your id." the line is long as all hell because it's one of those stores and it's a weekend and it's coupon time. "well, i'm not leaving until you ring me up," this asshole says. at this point, i give him back his card. "alright, then. ring yourself up," i said, locked my register and walked away. some supervisor finished his order while i ate a snickers bar in the breakroom and watched whatever was on the tv. i didn't get into any trouble because the customers after him told the supervisor what a dick the guy was. everyone talked about doing that one day and i actually did. i worked there for 2 more years after leveling up on self respect that day. hi everyone. you all are so sweet, so i thought i would share another retail story that involves a problematic vendor, as opposed to a customer. as you guys know, i own a small business where i hand make items and also have some re-sell items. i set up a booth at events and sell that way. for whatever reason, vendors are angry, territorial people. not all of them, but a larger majority than seems reasonable. i am the jane villanueva in a world full of multiple versions of a very pregnant petra solano - all angry. one rainy october morning two falls back, i was setting up at an outdoor dog event. things were going slowly because it was super early in the morning and i'm a horrible morning person, and the rain was keeping myself and my helper from being able to fully walk outside of the tent and set up from both sides of the table. we weren't in fear of the rain because we were the wicked witch of the west, but because it was about 45 degrees out, and neither one of us wanted to freeze our buns off for the next eight hours just because we were stupid enough to go stand in the rain to set up. my partner and i had our heads down and were working on taking things out of the boxes and setting them up on the tables. we weren't paying as much attention to our vendor space as we normally would, because the event was blocked off to customers for another hour and a half, so all that surrounded us were vendors, most which i knew from other dog events. we travel in packs. pun intended. i happened to look up to where i had my dog tutus hanging on the one rack inside the tent, and see a large, heavily tattooed man with multiple holes in his clothes, who was not at all dressed for the weather, pulling at my one tutu, effectively taking it apart. i was slow to understand at first, but when the realization came upon me that this guy was a vendor that apparently had nothing better to do than come pick apart my items, it got hairy. i will be me and he will be j for jerk. &gt;me: "excuse me, can i help you with something?" &gt;j: "i want to see how you make your tutus. we want to make them and can't figure out how." *continues to physically pull apart my tutu* &gt;me: "that's fine, but you can't tear apart my product just so you can learn how to make something. you can't be in my booth either. we are still setting up and closed, as i imagine you are as well, since we have quite awhile until the start of the event. please put the tutu down and leave. you're not welcome to come back and look at it later. please figure out how to make them on your own, like i did." &gt;j: "well, i've already got it halfway apart. i'm going to take this over to my wife and show her how you did these." as i mentioned, this guy was large, but there was no way in the world he was going to continue to ruin something i so lovingly made and leave the tent with it. there were security guards everywhere, so i flew out of my tent and grabbed a security guard. i quickly explained that another vendor was destroying one of my items and trying to leave my booth with it. security stopped the guy halfway out of my booth, took the tutu off of him, and let him know that he could stay set up that day since he was already setting up, but wasn't welcomed back. he also wasn't allowed anywhere near my booth. i ran into the duo at two other events - neither of which they are allowed back to. during the one, they were set up across from me. they continued to encroach on another woman's booth, continually moving their stuff over until they blocked it. they were asked to pack up early. at the other event, we were supposed to set up beside them, and i very politely told the person running it about the issue we had with them previously. they moved us down and swapped us spaces with the humane society thinking that they wouldn't harass an animal shelter. wrong. they've basically been black-balled at vendor shows in our area to the point where they're kind of their own legend. apparently they harass people everywhere they go, and everyone knows who they are because of their appearance. they always wear ratty and torn clothes, act uncivilized and drop constant f bombs and other language inappropriate for family events, and chain smoke the whole way through an event. i'm hoping to avoid them forever. tl;dr - vendor tries to tear apart my dog tutu so he can learn how to make them himself and was escorted from my booth by security and banned from coming back. i find out this is typical behavior for this vendor. hello again, it's been a while! this story is about one of my colleagues, and happened a week or two ago. my co-worker, "j" was serving a customer at the front counter and i was standing a meter or so away minding my own business when... &gt; "oh my gosh... i hit the wrong button! help... manager! manager!" of course, the manager came running to investigate what horrendous situation had just unfolded. &gt; "i was putting the change into the computer so that it would tell me how much i had to give back, and i put too much in! she gave me $20, but i told the computer it was $15. help!" again, i was standing just meters away, and i couldn't help but listen in. no worries though, it's obviously a simple problem and manager will know how to fix it. ...nope. &gt; manager: "ah, get me a calculator" manager proceeded to smash buttons into the calculator furiously, as though this was a complex equation that needed serious thought. by this stage, i'm getting concerned for the reputation of our *international* company, i mean... one staff member struggling to do maths with numbers below 20 is bad enough, but the manager as well? i looked on the screen and saw that the customers items came to $12, and j had entered $15, thus needing $3 change. if the customer had *actually* given $20 to j, then she simply needed to grab an extra $5 out of the til. problem solved. in my most nonchalant tone, i quietly said &gt;"well, she just needs an extra $5... no?" manager pushed a few extras keys on the calculator, "to confirm", i suppose. &gt; manager: "well, yes of course. simple. j, give the lady an extra $5." so frustrating. i work at an official hockey team merch store in an arena. we wear black long sleeve half-zip shirts. some guy (referred to as "puckdummy" or "pd") was upset that we don't sell our uniform shirts. the conversation went a bit like this: &gt;pd: where'd you get that shirt?? &gt;me: it's the employee uniform, sir. &gt;pd: where do i buy it? &gt;me: you don't. &gt;pd: that's ridiculous. &gt;me: i'm sorry, sir. we have some similar polos if you're- &gt;pd: this is ridiculous! where is your manager? you idiots should not be wearing things you don't sell! okay, bro...i work for a rental car company at an international airport. i was having a pretty routine day working outside in the parking garage in our kiosk when a young woman popped up at my window - i didn't even see her approach. i slid the window open and before i could even greet her, she slapped some paperwork down on the counter in front of me and went off. "i'm here to get a different car; the one you gave us has [insert laundry list of 'problems' here] and we want a discount because of the inconvenience of having to drive all the way back here to take care of this and ..." etc etc. i was trying to cut in at any opportunity, but she wouldn't let up for probably two or three minutes. when she finally stopped talking, i told her, "i'm not going to be able to help you...", wherein she butt in, "i'm supposed to talk to [some guy's name i've never heard of], where is he?" i told her, "i'm not sure who that is, but he probably works for [rental company shown on the paperwork]." just then the guy she was traveling with showed up behind her and said to her, "that's not who we rented from" and pointed to another kiosk nearby. she took a step back, looked up to actually read the sign on the kisok, then snatched up her paperwork and turned away to go to the correct kiosk. (yes, our colors are similar, but it's the words on signs that matter, right?)mom and 4 year old daughter come through my line with just basic groceries. after the initial greeting and small talk, the little girl looks up and asks me if she can pay for her baby. a little confused, i look up at mom and she says her daughter's asking if she can pay for her invisible baby. i giggle a little and tell the girl that i can absolutely let her do that. so i have her come around the counter, invisible baby in her arms, and "scan" the baby over the register. she squeals with delight and runs back around the counter to mom. her mom laughed and said thanks, saying that most people just smile but never play along with her imagination. then the girl asks if she can have a bag to put her baby in. not wanting to give a small child a plastic bag, i pulled out a paper bag that has handles and her whole face just lit up! she had the biggest grin as she put her invisible baby into the bag and held on to it tight. mom was smiling and told me i just made the girls day, and she just knows she's gonna carry that bag around for at least a week. if she can love the small things so can i, so needless to say, that five minute encounter put a smile on my face for the rest of the night. customers....sigh. so this particular person has an appointment at 12:30pm to see the doctor. we call her the day before to confirm she is coming and she says she will be. at the time of the appointment, she doesn't turn up. we called her at 12:45 to see if she's stuck in traffic or something and if we should hold on a little longer. there's no answer. so the doctor starts seeing other patients. at 3:20pm the patient turns up and just says, "oh sorry i'm a little late, i was caught up in work, i'm here now though, so let the doctor know i'm ready to see him." really? not even a real apology, and why did you turn up three hours late and not even inform us? i said "well the doctor has taken other patients and he is really tightly booked today and he has a surgery at 5:30pm to prepare for, i really don't think there's a chance to see him today. i will however let him know you're here since you're just here to review your test results and it might not take a long time" "yeah whatever, ill just sit here then" i checked with the doctor and informed her. "ok he is willing to see you, but there may be a long waiting time, he has to attended the other patients first and only if he finishes a bit early you can have ten minutes to see him" skip forward 7 minutes. patient: "seriously! is this the sort of service you offer?! i've been waiting now for 35 minutes to see the doctor! this is unprofessional, i'm a patient and deserve proper treatment" "i'm sorry for the wait, but you turned up very late and completely missed your appointment. the doctor might be able to squeeze you in, but he must see his other patients who had appointments" she argues back, my supervisor gets involved, and i have an incident report written against me regarding the way i 'turn patients away' bitch!hey guys, first post ever on reddit! whoop whoop. longtime lurker though. i have worked at a grocery chain for a while now and we have cycled through many managers, though our current manager is a little insane ( she once smiled and me and a customer and then we walked into the back and she started screaming and throwing bottles of alcohol all over the stocking area "because it was unorganized", i have a book i'll put up here one day on her" anywho, i am one of the few people in our store who has experience working in the fuel center. its a 5x8 box you stand in hating your life. it has no restroom (this is important). i'm doing uscan and bouncing to a cash register and trying to keep people from all going to one line etc... i get a call on my little wireless phone from the fuel center that the new girl had the screen freeze up on her. this happens often since the computer out there is about 6,7546,547 years old. so i go out and fix it, but notice her acting a little funny, kinda faint and sluggish. so i ask her if shes fine and shes like " i got here at 2:00 and i haven't had a break to eat or go to the bathroom" i gave her this look of wtf, apparently, no one notified us that the front end needed to do her break today ( usually they work it out that people come early or stay late so the person out there gets their breaks) and it was 8:30pm i phoned in to the front and said i was giving her her lunch and they'll have to handle the front until after that. i don't know how a high school aged pregnant girl survived out there for 6 hours without a stop. i made a new sheet that i schedule their breaks with ours to ensure they all get their breaks now, seriously, these people that forget about us peons....this happened in my days of fast food servitude. about two months after i started, we had a guy show up asking if he could do some work outside for us in exchange for a meal. now we all hated the outside jobs so my manager gave him the go-ahead. minimum wage is 7.25 and one of our meals is around $7, so he gave him a few tasks and told him for one hour of work he could have a meal. so this guy picked up cigarette butts, pulled weeds and swept the lot for an hour. after that he came in, are his meal, thanked everyone working, shook my manager's hand and left. he came back the next weekend and asked the same thing, and my manager agreed again. this went on for about 6 months, every weekend. about 3 weeks into this routine, the time he comes in is about halfway through my shift and he seems like a nice, genuine dude so i take my break and eat with him. we chat a bit and i make this a weekly thing, taking my break to eat with him every one he comes in. i gradually learn his story. he's in his mid-40s, used to own a good sized landscaping company with 6 crews that went around doing mostly commercial jobs but also doing private jobs occasionally. his wife was killed in a traffic accident in '02 when they were both around 35. he didn't feel right dating again after that so he was still single years later. they didn't have kids so his company was all he had and he completely immersed himself in it. however with the crash in '08 his company slowly went under. he had to sell off his trucks and lay off his crews one by one until it was just a single truck with himself and a couple guys who had been with him for 10 years. finally he had to sell that truck too, and he fell into a really bad depression. with his wife gone, no family, and no company he lost all his drive. he lost his house and car and began living in the streets, trying his luck as a day laborer. there are a lot of hispanic laborers in the area who worked for a lot less though so he rarely got work. anyway, he kept this up for a few months, eventually starting to come in 3 or 4 days a week. i left the store early this year and he was still there, and a month after i left so did our maintenance guy. my manager ended up hiring the guy full time on maintenance and he really got his shit together. last i heard he was preparing to move into a new apartment, his first home in 6 years. tl;dr: homeless guy asks to work for food, ends up being hired full time, got his life back together. i work at a more expensive clothing retailer. we sell more business type clothing along with casual clothing. as a result, our casual clothing can get a bit pricey. so earlier this week, we had three customers walk in. i'm assuming it was a woman with her husband and her sister. so they're going around our store looking at the casual clothing. now keep in mind that these customers are regulars and shop here frequently so they know our policies by heart. they ask a bunch of our staff for help, specifically for help with the woman's denim shorts. they keep asking if it's bogo free and there's clearly a sign right on the table saying bogo $19.90. so of course we say no and inform them of the correct deal. they do this to every associate and expect a different answer. nope. same answer. they try everything on and come to the register and my coworker (cw) rings them up. this is what i hear: cw: "find everything okay?" woman (the wife): "everything was fine, but i need to get my total under $150. i only have $150 on me." cw: "okay, we'll see where the price comes too but just by looking at everything you have i think you'll be over." *cw rings everything up and sure enough it's around $260* woman: "is that before or after the sale?" cw: "excuse me?" woman: "there's a sale going on, right? everything is 40% off?" cw: "i'm sorry but that sale ended three weeks ago." woman: "oh, but the shorts rang up as buy one get one free, right?" cw: "no miss, they are buy one get one $19.90. you asked me this same question 10 minutes ago and they aren't bogo free." woman: "but i talked to (manager's name) and he said it was buy one get one free." *cw starts getting snooty* cw: "oh really? because (manager's name) isn't even in. he hasn't been here all day." woman: "oh, well someone told me..." cw: "ma'am, i can't change the price because you want me to. even if an associate accidentally stated the wrong deal, i cannot alter the price due to one small error." woman: "i need the price to be under $150! can't you just help me out?" cw: "if you have coupons that haven't expired then sure, we can help you that way." woman: "what about $25 off of every specific amount spent? here, i have it on my phone!" cw: "that expired three days ago and i can't override expired coupons. that's just how our system works." woman: "but i need it under $150! can't you just reduce the price for me?!" cw: "nope. i'm not allowed to and i won't get fired because you don't have enough money." woman: "but i **need** it under $150!" cw: "i'm sorry, i can't do anything. i can't offer you 15% off by signing up for our charge card because i know you have one. but i know how you can get it under $150." woman: "how?!" cw: "by not buying everything." i don't know why, but i started laughing and had to cover my mouth to prevent myself from laughing out loud. she ended up taking off a lot of small items to get her total under $150. why she didn't ask her husband or sister for some money i don't know why. she could have paid them back. people are weird. edit: wow! i didn't expect my post to get this much attention. thanks for reading and voting everyone!ok guys, not my first tfr, but my first one for my new job. here goes. about three weeks ago i started at a large telecom company in their customer service branches. a girl (whom we shall call amy) started the week before me but left for a holiday (bad timing on new jobs) came back and we're both on the counter doing pay-as-you-go top-ups, bill payments, etc. i've gotten the general hang of everything. today a woman came into the store while i was assisting a customer and amy called her over very politely and professionally, her response was "i'll wait for one of the men to serve me". nup, you did not just say that. so she waits for me and asks for a top-up, and i reply with "sorry, i'm new here," holding up my trainee badge and turn to amy and said "how do you process a top up voucher again?" amy walks me through the steps and i stuff up a few times and then the woman asks for me to put it onto a broadband device before i finish the transaction. *note: we finish the transaction first, otherwise we don't have the voucher code.* amy tells her that i need to finish the transaction first and i start stammering and asking how to do that. this caused the woman to freak out and ask for someone else, so david came over and ran the transaction through, she asked if she could get top-ups elsewhere and it she could do it at home and left. later i went on break and she was still in the shopping centre and refused to make eye contact with me! and the best part: she came back later not knowing how to activate it herself and she saw me working with a customer like normal doing the exact same thing she wanted! take that you rude cow. tl;dr: woman refused to be served by woman, had to deal with "incompetent" me. edit: oh! oh! oh! i remember when she came back i zoomed in on her on the security camera and the assistant manager said she's been in the store and acted like a cow to the staff before! i work at a drugstore that sells cigarettes, usually on the front counter where said cigarettes are. i have to card anyone i think looks under 40, as is typical of most places. i get a number of young people who sigh annoyedly or complain that they never get carded anywhere else, but it's typically not that bad. except for this one woman. i have a line at my register, and this woman comes up next in it. looks maybe in her early 20s. she asks for a pack of camels, so i pull one off the rack behind me and ask to see her id. she briefly looks in her purse. &gt;her: i left it at home. can't you just take my birthday and put it in? &gt;me: no, i can't do that. i have to see an id. &gt;her: what? but that one black girl, the manager, always just puts in my birthday! i come here all the time and it's fine. i know exactly who she's talking about, but i have no idea who this woman is. never seen her before in my life. &gt;me: well, she's not a manager, and she's certainly not supposed to be doing that. i won't be doing it either. you're welcome to come back with your id. i put the cigarettes back on the rack and go to move on to the next customer. &gt;her: this is ridiculous! i am 27 years old, i should be allowed to buy my damn cigarettes! &gt;me: sorry, i can't sell them to you. like i said, if you come back with a valid id i will be more than happy to sell them to you. she walks a bit away, and i resume going through my line. then, she approaches a man in the back of the line, who is clearly old enough to buy tobacco, with greying hair and wrinkles. &gt;her (rather loudly): hey, man, here's 5 bucks, buy me a pack of camel crush. i pause in ringing up my customer. &gt;me: m'am, i can't sell to him now either, because i know he's buying them for someone whose age i can't verify. &gt;her: what the hell? this is ridiculous! go ask any of the other employees here, they'll recognize me and tell you how old i am! and even if you don't know how old i am, he believes me, you can sell to him, he's clearly old enough. &gt;me: you're welcome to go ask them if they'll sell to you. i won't. i don't know you, i have no reason to believe you when you say how old you are, and i won't get in trouble for selling to you just because you say i should. &gt;her: yeah, but you're not selling to me, you're selling to him! &gt;me: yes, but i heard you ask him to buy them for you. in the eyes of our company and the law, it's the same as if i sold them directly to you. &gt;her: that's just retarded! what do you even know? &gt;me: i don't make the rules, i just follow them. she starts to get very dramatic here, acting like she's going to die without her cigarettes, and how i, a child, can't tell her 27 year old self what to do. she's throwing a fit in front of my register, and the other customers are staring and starting to get impatient in the line. she even goes so far as to try and shove a picture in my face of her child, as if a picture of some child i don't know proves she's as old as she says she is. i get fed up and call for a manager over the pa. the manager on duty calls the register and asks what i need, and i tell him that a woman is very upset that i won't sell her cigarettes. &gt;her: i am not upset! sure you aren't. my manager says he'll be right there. she isn't willing to wait around, and storms out before he even gets there. presumably to try the same thing at the gas station across the street. seriously though, acting like a 4 year old whose mom isn't buying her the candy she wants isn't any way to prove you're an adult. really.hello again! first story in a while that i've deemed worthy for this subreddit. my head still hurts from hitting my desk over this one. **background**: i work for a *very* large retailer/grocers in the uk, in their call center, working on the instant chat system for their home delivery department. everyone, meet the customer (referred to as "visitor"): &gt;**[chrizc]** hello, my name is chrizc, welcome to *company* webchat. how can i help you today? &gt;**[visitor]** hi there, i was expecting my order between 6pm and 7pm, but it hasn't arrived. frick. i hate missing deliveries. i grab the details of the customer, and chase it up for them. i then find out there was an issue with their payment card. i advise them of this... &gt;**[visitor]** oh yeah, i knew about that! someone from *company* called me and told me about it! ^*whythefrickdidn'tyoutellmethat* &gt;**[chrizc]** they should've tried to resolve it for you by taking an additional form of payment. **[visitor]** oh, they did, but i was out at the time. i tried to call back but no one answered! **[chrizc]** i see, that was a few hours ago now, so unfortunately we can't resolve that for you tonight. however, i can reschedule the order for delivery for tomorrow, if you'd like? **[visitor]** ooh, if you could, please! will you try to charge me again tomorrow? **[chrizc]** yes, we'll try to take payment as your payment failed today, so you weren't charged for today. if you haven't resolved the issue you had today, the same will probably happen tomorrow, in which case we won't deliver. **[visitor]** what?! you won't deliver if you can't take payment?!?!?! why the f@#! not?! **[chrizc]** we need to make sure we can take payment before we can deliver your order... otherwise we lose money. **[visitor]** this is f@~#ing ridiculous! transfer me to your manager, now! **[chrizc]** certainly, she's just jumping in now. **[manager]** hi there, i'm chrizc's manager. everything chrizc has said is true, and we won't be delivering to you if we can't take a payment. that's how deliveries work. is there anything else i can help with this evening? *visitor has disconnected from the chat.* --- **tl;dr:** how dare you not deliver my groceries if i don't pay for them! --- [next tfr]( | [previous tfr](i have long since gotten out of the retail game, but for a long time i worked in a variety of resale and consignment stores. there are a quite few stories, but this is one of the most unbelievable to me, even now. at the time, i was 20, had a short blonde bob, wore a lot of 50's dresses, and looked like a german bisque doll (google my people), so people **frequently** overstepped my boundries. the store i worked at was this huge place, and in the middle of a really economically diverse area. it was a thankless job, but all my coworkers were amazing, so it was bearable. this day, i was organising the dress section of the store, and was really involved in what i was doing. i was about halfway done, when i feel a hard tug on my hair. assuming that one of my coworkers is behind me, i turn around with a smile, ready to come up with some quip about hair-pulling. however, who i see is not a friend, it's some 50+ woman smiling back at me. before i can register that a *stranger* has just touched my person, this woman says exactly these words "i just wanted to see if it was *real*, i'm a mom". but she draws or the word "mom" like maahhhm, as if it is cute, and she is just smiling the whole goddamn time. before i have time to process the fact that another human being just tried to **pull my wig off** she flounces back to (who i assume to be her teenage daughters), and i am left standing with her justification *"i'm a maahhhhhm"* causing cell death in my brain. almost 10 years later and this still haunts me. i am *still* thinking of things to say to her.cashier, checker, scan jockey. that's my job at grocery store chain. first, because it's important to the story: i am a stubborn person who insists on having an unnatural hair color. it's pink. yes, yes, it is weird and you can look at me funny all you want, but it's what i wanted. fortunately, the store i work at has no policy against unnatural colors. the only thing you can't have is a visible tattoo. bible gal is a young woman, probably in her early to mid 30s. she comes through my lane, notices my hair and bends down to tell her daughter: "it's okay honey, we'll be out of the satan lady's line soon." daughter was like 4 years old and didn't care. i pipe in and say, "is everything alright, ma'am?" **"your hair is satanic."** at this point i am flabbergasted by what i've just heard. maybe if the color was red, since satan is red (right?), but it's pink. someone should have informed me of satan's fabulousness sooner. "i don't understand, miss," i respond. "stop talking to me and get me your manager! i don't want any of your voodoo or curses! i'm a single mother and i have given my life to the holy spirit!" she then grabs her cross necklace and holds it up to me, as if that would banish me back to the underworld, or something. i get her joe notarealname, my manager. "hi, i'm joe, the on-duty manager. what can i help you with, ma'am?" says he. "are you aware that you hired a practicing satanist? are you aware that this offends me and my daughter?" "i'm sorry, ma'am? larissa pseudonym here is one of our best workers. i don't think what she does outside of work matters." to clarify, i am not a satanist. i consider myself an atheist. "well then this entire store is going straight to hell. i hope this business goes belly up. i will certainly be voting with my dollars," replies wacko bird. then she leaves without buying her things, and we're all left putting back the things in her huge grocery cart...&gt; another day at the nature centre. the lady who volunteers at the front desk and takes admissions and such beckons me over one day after a young lady and her friend come in. apparently they have a group and want a discount..... girl: hi! there's a group of 12 of us here from another city. we were wondering if we could get a group discount for the tour? me: ah, oh dear. i'm really sorry, but i can't authorise group discounts. my boss has to pre-approve all group bookings... girl: oh. so you can't give us a discount? me: no, i'm really sorry. *&lt;i actually did feel bad at this point, the group was big enough for a solid 20% pre-auth discount if they’d booked ahead of time. they would have gotten a privately led nature walk out of it too.&gt;* girl: mmm. well we really want to come in for a tour, but we're students, y'know? me: i realise that but i’m not allowed to give group discounts. if you call today, i’m sure my boss would give you a discount for tomorrow. girl: we’re not here tomorrow. me: *&lt;internal sigh&gt;* ok, let me call my boss. *(boss doesn't asnwer)* ah, i don't think she's in the office. i have some coupons here though that will give each of you a dollar off your admission, but that is the only discount i am permitted to give. that would mean $5/person instead of $6. girl: oh, well we were hoping we could get a group discount me: oh, that’s too bad. admission to the centre and trails would work out to just $5 per person though! *girl frowns and begins discussing this with the friend who had accompanied her inside. they’re speaking another language so i don’t understand.* girl: so you can only give us a dollar off? me: um yeah i can authorise a dollar off each admission. girl: hmmm, well we were kind of hoping to get the group rate. *note: we have no standard group rate. my boss evaluates groups based on how big the group is, what they want out of their visit and where they’re from (ex: a school gets a bigger discount than a bus tour group)* me: sorry, my boss is the only one allowed to give big discounts. girl: so we can't get a group rate? me: *&lt;internally screaming&gt;* well, a dollar off per person is $12 off your total amount, that's pretty good &lt;we go back and forth like this for several minutes. i'm feeling like i want to bang my head against the wall when i have a glorious light bulb moment…&gt; me: *&lt;huge sigh&gt;* ok, you know what? fine. if you pay in one transaction, i’ll give you 15% off. the girl gets a huge smile on her face and excitedly chats with her friend for a second girl: okay! that sounds great! she pays, gets the discount and the group goes on the nature walk, all of them happy as clams. my coworker looks at me incredulously, as i'm definitely not allowed to do what i just did. he then looks a bit worried as i burst out laughing after they leave. him: ...but we can't give disc.... me: ...15% off a $6 admission works out to $5.10 per person! she just paid more than if she'd taken my original offer! bahahahahaha! explained the whole thing to my boss, who also thought it was extremely funny. don't fuck with the people who take your money, folks! so i work at a casual restaurant that specializes in frozen custard. for those who don't know, the difference between custard and ice cream is that custard is denser, creamier, and doesn't have air pockets or ice crystals like ice cream. naturally, we get people saying "ice cream" and no one really gives a shit. but this one lady, who i'll call the ice cream lady (icl), just didn't understand. so i'm working expo (making the orders look pretty, calling out order numbers, etc.) and my buddy brent is working cash register. so then i overhear icl's order: &gt;icl: gimme a double half-n-half ice cream cone. &gt;brent: alrighty... *punches in order and points to the screen where her order comes up* does everything look good? &gt;icl: uhh that's not what i ordered, "bro". bro? really? &gt;brent: uh, what's wrong? &gt;icl: well, i ordered an ice cream cone, but you put down... what is that? "cuss-tard"? &gt;brent: well ma'am, we don't sell ice cream, we sell custard. it's denser, creamier, and has richer ingredients than ice cream. &gt;icl: well i don't want that. i want ice cream. &gt;brent: ma'am we don't have ice cream. &gt;icl: i need to speak to your manager right now. enter aaron, an overall cool guy, and he also happens to be our boss. he walks up to the counter and puts on his most retail smile. &gt;aaron: what seems to be the problem, ma'am? &gt;icl: well, your cashier here refuses to sell me any ice cream! &gt;aaron: that's because there is not one particle of ice cream in this store. however, we do, in fact, happen to have quite a few particles of custard lying around here and there, which we happen to be quite famous for. &gt;icl: (visibly irritated) fine, just give me the damn cuss tard. (yes, she continued to pronounce it like that). so brent rings her up, and the cone gets made. i grab it and walk up to the microphone. &gt;me: (into microphone) guest number 273, your custard is ready, please, guest number two-seven-three. i know it's icl, and i can see her sitting at her table, staring at me. lol wat. so i walk up to the mic again. &gt;me: (into microphone) guest number 273, your custard is ready, please, guest number two-seven-three. she still doesn't move, and the custard is starting to melt. so i take the cone and walk over to her table. &gt;me: here you go ma'am. &gt;icl: what is that? &gt;me: this is your custard. &gt;icl: i didn't order that. &gt;me: yes, you did. so she stands up, slaps the cone out of my hand, and yells in my face: (although, i should mention that i'm 6' and she was about 5'2") &gt;icl: i didn't fucking order that. i ordered fucking ice cream. now get me a fucking ice cream cone right now, or i will call the fucking cops on your lanky ass. so i thought, oh really? you're gonna call the cops? obviously i didn't say that, as i'm too much of a pussy to say that. but of course, aaron did. &gt;aaron: oh really? you're gonna call the cops? &gt;icl: yes i'm gonna call the fucking cops because you won't serve me correctly. so she storms out of the store, and gets on her phone, i guess to call the police. &gt;aaron: (jokingly) oh great, ohmahjah. look what you've done. and i'm just frozen, holding an imaginary custard cone. inevitably, the cops show up, and they walk in with icl trailing behind, spouting nonsense. the cops obviously don't believe her, and they ask aaron what happened. &gt;aaron: she got all worked up because ohmahjah gave her custard instead of ice cream, even though she knew very well that we don't sell ice cream. so she hit the custard out of his hand and started yelling. icl didn't like that one bit. so she runs up to aaron and starts fucking hitting him and yelling legit gibberish. so the two officers run up to her and grab her, knock her over, and pin her on the ground. she was arrested, and she was still spouting gibberish as she was dragged out of the store. aaron apologized to me, let me leave early, and promised me he'd clock me out at midnight (a whole 4 hours later). man, what a great guy.oh. my. gosh. yesterday was so incredibly slow that i bought myself a logic puzzle book just to get through my shift with my sanity intact. but i do have a story for you all. i'm about halfway through my shift as a cashier at (retail/pharmacy), and with only two customers in the entire store, i'm basically wandering around looking for things to organize and clean. i'm trudging back up aisle 7 for the fifth time when a man comes running at me, his eyes wide and his brow wet with sweat. a bit of background, we have recently stopped allowing customers into the employee bathroom because they would take merchandise in there, use it, and not pay for it. sweaty man = sm &gt; sm: "where is your bathroom?" &gt; me: "i'm sorry, sir, but we do not have a public restroom." &gt; sm: "ive been on the road! where is your bathroom!?" &gt; me: "sir, we don't have a public restroom. the (fastfood place) next door does, you can try there." &gt; sm: "do you want me to pee on this floor?!" *excuse me? what?* &gt; me: "sir, we absolutely *do not* have a public restroom. you can try the (fastfood place) next door." &gt; sm: "ugh! whatever!" he proceeds to stomp angrily back to whence he came.we have two sets of registers in the athletic themed store where i work. one does returns/exchanges and the other does not. the one that doesn't do them has signs all over it saying where we do them so customers can see them and not wait in line only for us to tell them to go to the other registers. today was busy, like really super busy (damn you football) and i was at the registers that don't do returns/exchanges. the line would build up and the other girl on the registers and i would get through it as fast as we could so people wouldn't get mad. a lady gets to my register after waiting in line for a few minutes (less than ten minutes) and is holding a bag from where i work and says she wants to do a return. i tell her that i'm sorry but i can't do returns at these registers, if she goes to the other set of registers they can help her there. she was not happy. &gt;customer: (very loudly) goddammit! are you fucking kidding me? the line over there is ridiculous, that's why i came over here. you should really put up signs so people can know. so i pointed to the blaze orange 9"x11" sign attached to all the registers and the five neon yellow 9"x11" signs on the poles next to the line where she had been standing for the last few minutes. &gt;me: there are nearly 10 all around these registers. &gt;customer: (still very loudly) i'm filling a corporate compliant about you, i shouldn't have to deal with this. you should have just done my return. so she throws down the bag with her returns in it and storms off. i'm confused, the other cashier is confused, and the other customers in line that started paying attention when she raised her voice are confused. barely a minute later she stomps back over, grabs her bag, and nearly runs out of the store. a few customers laughed and i refrained from laughing. i can only assume i'm going to have to talk to a manager tomorrow but the other cashier will back me up that it was the customer that screwed up, not me.i work at a bank. we have a grace period of few minutes after our official closing to allow last minute folks to do a quick teller transactions. some people abuse this policy. this lady is one of them. she habitually comes to our branch 7-9 minutes after our official closing time. her transactions are never quick or organized. so yesterday when i see her pull into the parking lot i sigh. i look at the clock it's a few minutes into our grace period. "she's got 5 minutes to get in the building." i say to my coworkers. she sits in her car a minute i'm waiting for her to get out. a few more minutes go by and she continues to sit in her car. finally our grace period is over and she's made no attempt to enter the building. one of our bankers goes to close the door and i shut the drive-thru. my manager runs to hit the lights. we finish our closing routine. it is now 15 minutes passed closing. she then gets out of her car tries the door looks in and turns back to her car. she would've made the grace period and she not sat in her car like a dumbass. i guess she figured we would let her in no matter what time it was. it felt so satisfying to lock the doors on her after she continued to abuse the grace period time. i work in a popular retail store in the states. more specifically, i have worked primarily in the clothing department for 3 years. my store is geared towards middle class family's but occasionally we will get the upper class snobs. this is where my story begins. it's right before christmas and i'm working in the jewelry (+ a few) department(s) that day. when you work in jewelry you have to have a pair of keys on you in case a shopper wants to look at something inside a case. anyways, i'm putting away some items in another department when i get a call over the walkie to assist a guest at the jewelry booth. so i go up and see a man probably in his 40s with his two teenage sons, the oldest could not have been more then 15 and the other one just a little younger. this is how the next half hour of life goes. me will be me. ad will be asshole dad. ns will be older and nervous son. and ys will be younger son. &gt;me: hello my name is moonlitcat13, how may i help you today? &gt;ad: yeah yeah. gee what a great start &gt;ad: see my son bought this heart necklace for his girlfriend here earlier today and when he told me the price i told him to return it and get something better for her. this sweet guy bought his girlfriend a cute heart necklace for christmas! how sweet is that? &gt;me: oh i'm sorry, was there anything wrong with the item? &gt;ad: *looks at son* yeah it was dirt cheap! &gt;ns: *looks at floor ashamed* whoa whoa whoa, for one this kid could not have been more then 15 years old, therefore i highly doubt he had a job or if he did, one that didn't pay very well. second, this necklace was about 25 dollars, something that i know when i was 15 was a lot of money at the time. &gt;me: *with the best smile i can muster* okay well, is there anything you see that you like in the cases? &gt;ad: *points to a lunar moon necklace* how much is this one? &gt;me: about $25. &gt;ad: hmmp! do you have anything that's more expensive? &gt;me: i'm afraid not really sir. &gt;ys: *to his brother* uh oh, here we go. &gt;ns: *sighs* &gt;ad: wow, your stuff here is super cheap! how do you guys make any money? i mentioned before that our store is geared towards middle class family's. we're not a cheap store but at the same time our prices aren't so high up that we have people coming in wearing furs and diamonds. &gt;me: *nervous giggle* haha, well we do sir. &gt;ad: well if you were receiving a piece of jewelry wouldn't you rather it be more expensive then cheap? i look at the dad then look back at the older and nervous son as he looks incredibly defeated and hurt by his fathers words. &gt;me: honestly sir, it's the thought and feeling behind the gift that makes it more meaningful to me then the price. i do and did truly mean that. the older and nervous son looked at me with a "thank you" expression on his face while his younger brother chimed in in agreement. &gt;ys: yeah dad, i agree with her. &gt;ad: *sighs* okay, i guess we will look around a bit more. this seems to be where the story ends, but nope. while the family, or i should say the dad, looks around for a gift for the older sons girlfriend, i go back to another section to help another coworker out. it's not long until i hear that alert for the jewelry booth again. yafreakinhoo. i go back up to see the dad and his sons again and dad tapping the counter in annoyance. &gt;ad: we decided to take the moon necklace we saw before. unless your sure that this is the most expensive thing you have here. dude, seriously. let the price go! &gt;ad: i mean, don't you think your items here are cheap? they probably break after wearing them once too! if i wasn't upset by the dads treatment of his son before, trust me when i say i was mad at this point. i should also mention that not one, but a couple of my supervisors were close by and getting bits and pieces about what was going on. &gt;me: no sir, i think the items are a good price for the quality you are getting. &gt;ad: which is cheap. &gt;me: *pretty much done* sir would you like the necklace or would you like me to put it back? &gt;ad: *to ns* you want it? &gt;ns: *sighs in defeat* yeah i guess. the dad first, hands me a giftcard that is worth around 15 dollars. fine, done, processed it. &gt;me: okay sir you still have about $10 and whatever change left. the asshole of a dad then hands me a $100 bill! and then give me such a smug "i'm better then your little store" look! i quickly just took the $100 and gave back his roughly speaking $90 dollars back in change and told the family to have a nice day. the sons are really embarrassed and are mouthing sorry to me over and over again. before they leave though, the dad says to me... &gt;ad: you know, you should really try to go to college and do better for yourself. so let me get this straight, one you make your son return an item that he bought with his own money for his girlfriend that has a lot of heart behind it. i don't care if the guy is only 15, he obviously cares a lot about this girl. second, you disrespect my store by calling it cheap over and over again and even try to get me to call it cheap and possibly get fired because my supervisors are listening. and third, you disrespect me and give me a mouth load of crap telling me to do better for myself and go to college. why do you think i have this job in the first place? do not invade in my personal life! luckily as soon as the dad said that, the younger son in complete horror thanked me for my help and made his dad leave the counter while the older and nervous son apologized for his fathers behavior and thanked me for my patience and left. after i breathed in and out for a couple minutes i went back to the fitting room to grab more items to get put away. and guess what i found? the heart necklace that the dad made his son return. i know in one sense, the dad felt like he was helping out his son, but in all reality it was really just making his son feel ashamed for something he should not have ever felt shameful about. **edit** - for formatting and grammar **edit 2** - holy smokes guys! this isn't as much an edit as it is a thank you! as amazing as this story is i never thought i'd get this kind of response! **tldr** - asshole of a dad makes his son return a necklace he thought was too cheap for his sons girlfriend and continued calling my store cheap until he left. the past three days, one specific customer - let's call her marie - has entered the store looking for a washer and dryer. all three days, i opened the store, and she would walk in around 1130 am - a strong woman, with "consumer reports" magazines in her hand and an opinion about everything i showed her. each day with her was a head-scratcher and more confusing than the day before. day 1: she enters the store since her washer and dryer broke and wants "the one in the ad." since that's on back order for a week, i start showing her other things in the store while asking questions. with each washer and dryer that i show her, she nit-picks. "well consumer reports say this washer and dryer isn't good because it doesn't have steam" or "consumer reports says high efficiency detergent is a waste of time, so i don't want to hear it." she applies for our in-store card and is approved for $1500 but still wants to shop around. i give her my card and she scurries to our competitors. day 2: marie comes back in and says we have the best deal in town (yep!) but wants financing her say - 6 months interest free. i can't control what the computer gives us, and i explain that to her as well as my manager. "well (competing store) had the same washer and dryer i want for $100 less and six months financing, so i will just go there!" wait, didn't you say that we had the best deal in town? marie leaves again. now at this point, i didn't think she would come back, and neither does anyone in the store. day 3: as i am cleaning behind a washer and dryer, i hear someone calling my name from the front desk. there stands another manager and marie, consumer reports in hand, invoices in hand. "sorry i left, they had the same washer and dryer, but wouldn't give me the deal again. you can see on these invoices." the invoices had different model numbers, but her heart was set on a silver set. "could i add a dishwasher with it? i need to get mine changed anyway." of course you can! - i said it in my cheeriest retail voice - and found her a dishwasher that would not only match with the washer and dryer but would also match her fridge in her kitchen. i go to the register to check stock on everything - everything is in stock, delivery would be scheduled for monday, and we would hook it all up, plus a mail-in rebate because the washer and dryer and dishwasher were the same brand plus delivery rebate. basically she would get back $380 in a credit to use in the store. the total for everything was around $1800, so she decided to pay $1000 in cash and put the rest on the store credit card to receive interest-free payments. again, the computer automatically decides the financing option depending on the total (6 months $197-$496, 12 months $497-$996, 24 months $997 and above, and all of it interest-free! to me this was a great deal, but anyway...) after she pays her $1000 in cash, i run the card for the remaining $800, and i thought the computer would give her 12 months. it didn't - it gave her 24 months under the umbrella that the total before cash was in the 24 months range, and even though she paid $1000 in cash, she would have 24 months to pay. now in my mind, and the mind of everyone around me, this was great - you had longer to pay it off. not so much. marie flips her mind - "i don't want 24 months, i only want 12 months financing! why can't you get that in your peanut head? what did i tell you yesterday? tell the computer to give me 12 months!" again, i can't tell the computer to do it, and she would have a longer time to pay it off. "well ma'am, you can pay it off in 12 months or shorter. you don't have to go to the full twenty-four months, it's all interest free." that isn't good to her, because she wants it "in writing on my god-damned bill!" she throws her magazines down on the ground, takes back her $1000 and makes a scene by screaming at the computer "give me 12 months dammit!" she walks out without buying the washer, dryer, and dishwasher. my manager looks at me, as well as a couple of associates with confused faces. "moomatic, you have to stop bringing out the crazy in customers" my manager tried to say in a straight face but just couldn't stop laughing. hey, first time poster, long time lurker, the usual. also i'm on mobile so formatting might be awkward so i work at a fast food store and we have a product that has a few variations; like how you can get different flavours in ice cream. i was working on drive thru when a very special customer comes through. we'll call him c for customer. &gt;me: hi! what can i get for you? &gt;c: can i please get two [product with multiple variations]? &gt;me: yep, was it the one with [variation 1]? &gt;c: yeah, it's not like you sell any others. &gt;me: actually we have multiple ones such as the [variation 2] or the [variation 3]. &gt;c: no, you don't sell those! &gt;me: ... &gt;c: ... &gt;me: so two [variation one] packs comes to $7.00. at this point he essentially shoves the exact amount into my hands and drives off. i don't understand why some people feel the need to be right with the most little things. edit: in drive thru at our store, they order and pay at one window and collect their food at the next. edit2: formatting :)guy came in today, bought a phone, card, and sunglasses. with the service plan on the phone, came to 228 and change. so, he pulls out his wallet, counts his money... he *should* have 230 or so, apparently. he doesn't. he has... 204. he's freaking out. there's no way he can get the phone and the card without at least a few more dollars. he starts pacing in front of my register, freaking out about his missing money. he stops. he looks down at his shoe. he takes his shoe off and flips it over. a 20 dollar bill falls out. "that little shithead!" apparently, his 7 year old daughter has a history of stealing money out of peoples' wallets and putting it in their shoes...i work in a used media store. we sell dvds, blu rays, cds, and games for most consoles. yesterday, a customer came in while i was in the back. we were playing a clean copy of macklemore's the heist in the store, and i guess he liked whatever song was playing when he came in and asked if the cd was for sale. my co-worker explained that the cd playing over the store was the censored version and the customer said he'd prefer to buy the uncensored. about this time, i came out from the back. since i was closer to the rap section, my co-worker asked if i could check for the cd. we had it, the customer bought it, end of story. except not really. about six hours later i get a call from that same customer. me: "hello, storename, this is afunnygirlthatbelle speaking. how can i help you?" customer: "ayy, that song isn't on this cd." me: "i'm sorry?" customer: "i was in there earlier and that song isn't on this cd." with this detailed recounting i was able to figure out who it was i was speaking to. thankfully we'd been pretty slow that day so remembering any particular customer was pretty easy. me: "the macklemore and ryan lewis cd sir?" customer: "yeah, i wanted that song i heard when i was there and it's not on this. you know what i'm talking about?" me: "well sir, i don't remember what particular song was playing while you were here, but that cd is the same one we sold to you. i'm sure if you listen through it you'll find which song you were looking for." customer: "well i'm looking at it and i don't see the song." me: "do you know what the song is called sir?" customer: "no." me: "then you may not be recognizing its title on the back." customer: "okay, but you know what i'm talking about, right?" me: "well again, sir, i wasn't even at the front of the store when it was playing, so i really have no idea what particular song you heard when you were here. " customer: "but this is the same cd?" me: "yes sir." customer: "you sure?" me: "i'm positive. if you just listen through the cd, i'm sure you'll find the song you're looking for." *click* i really hate being hung up on.before i graduated college i worked at a package store in my hometown. we had a fancy, touchscreen pos computer for ringing up orders. we accepted debit and credit. this is important. a lot of my customers got to know me pretty well. they knew i was in college and knew i was studying computer science. i've got a line of a few customers, and in walks cash back girl (cbg). &gt; cbg: -*walking to the front of the line and waving her debit card*- tell me how much is on this. &gt; me: uhm... i can't? there's an atm right next door though. &gt; cbg: no you can do it. i've done it before. &gt; me: ma'am, there's no way for me to tell you how much money is on your card. &gt; cbg: yes there is! &lt;manager&gt; has done it for me before! &gt; me: ma'am listen. i wrote the software that i'm using on this computer and i know for a fact it cannot do that. i'm sorry i can't help you. and then she stormed out. i apologized to my customers and one of them asked &gt; did you really? &gt; me: of course not. ~~i have a few more stories from this place, if anybody is interested!~~**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** one of the benefits i offer my employees is that i provide food for them when they're working. to keep it from getting boring, i try to switch it up between fast food, subs, pizza, barbecue, and mom's home cooking (the most popular). we usually set up a canopy about 20' away from the tent, near our rv, with tables and chairs so that employees can grab a bite when they get a chance. it's not uncommon for friends who've stopped by to sit down and grab a bite with us. in fact, if mom's cooking, it's almost expected. one afternoon, as i was passing by the register counter, one of my cashiers called over to me and asked who the kids that were eating outside were. i turned around and looked at the backside of the tent, and there were four kids, somewhere between the ages of 6 and 12-ish, sitting under the canopy chowing on our pizza and drinking our sodas. i walked up to the cashier and told her that i had no idea who they were. i wondered aloud if maybe my dad or one of the other employees had invited someone to eat with us. while i was speaking to the cashier, the guy who she had been ringing up finished his purchase, grabbed his bags, and headed out the door. i watched him walk around to the back side of the tent, and tell his kids that it was time to go. one of the kids whined that they weren’t finished, so he told them to bring it with them. they grabbed the plates of pizza (stacked high), the canned sodas, and headed out to an suv. i was honestly so shocked, that i didn’t move a muscle; i just stared at the guy dumbfounded with my mouth hanging open. the entire time he was walking out, getting into the suv, and driving off, he never looked back or made eye contact with me. stone. cold. bastard! ---- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](this was yesterday morning as i walked in before opening at a retail store known for it's nature of closing stores lately. the phone rings so i decide to answer it because why not, probably someone calling to see when we open. &gt;me: (store) security &gt;old lady: when do you open? &gt;me: the store opens in 30 minutes at 8 am. &gt;ol: well i need help right now! (sounding upset, crying) my phone doesn't work and i need help! &gt;me: well we cannot help you with anything until we open at 8. once we open at 8, we will be more than happy to help you in electronics. &gt;ol: i'm 76 years old. i can't walk and no one can take me there! why won't you help me? you're just going to let me die? &gt;me: ma'am we will gladly help you if you come into the store, and we don't wish death upon anyone. if you need help you need to call 911 immediately, only if it's an emergency. &gt;ol: what's 911? &gt;me: the emergency police line that you need to call right now if you're in a situation where you're concerned you're going to die. &gt;ol: but why won't you help me? you're just going to let me die?! &gt;me: ma'am please hold while i get my manager. my manager answers it and looks visibly confused. &gt;manager: ma'am we cannot send an employee to your home to assist you with your phone. manager hangs up two minutes later. she says that she was screaming at her about how we're trying to kill her and hung up angrily. i don't know why along with my duties as a minimum wage electronics department retail worker, i've suddenly become an incognito 911 operator. and that's how my morning started on saturday november 8, 2014 at 7:34 am. tl;dr woman calls and demands we go to her home to help with a phone, screams at us for trying to kill her when we say no. **background:** i work as an assistant manager at a large chicken fast-food chain while putting my way through med school. i can only work part-time due to my studies, but the company was great about letting me keep my job since i've been with them since high school. **the story:** this happened in the very first week of undergrad. i'd only been managing shifts for 3 weeks. a lady came in to the restaurant with her 2 kids. it was a bit of a slow day and we had competent employees on shift, so i went out to clean some tables and greet customers like our district manager wanted us to. "hi, welcome to chicken restaurant, how are you today?" i said that to this lady with a big smile and she just sort of gave me a weird look and went up to the cashier. whatever, it is kind of weird that we are greeting people at a fast-food place. i continued to clean up as the lady made a big order for her kids and her. i noticed, to my annoyance, that she ordered water for herself and then put sweet tea in the cup. note that our water cups are different from drink cups and made of clear plastic, so this takes a lot of *cojones* to do right in front of a manager. ah well, i thought, she gave us plenty of money on the order, nothing i can do about the drink. well, i finished sweeping up the lobby and then went back behind the counter to check on the cooks, who naturally were doing their job perfectly. food is coming up, people are eating it. it's a great shift. but then this lady decides to ruin it and come up to talk to me, dragging her two kids behind and holding a plate of half-eaten food. let's call her annoying. annoying: are you a manager? me: yes, ma'am, how is your visit to chicken restaurant today? a: you guys got my order wrong. me: oh i am sorry to hear that, let me see. a (*hands me receipt*): we ordered *chicken sandwich with clever rhyming name* but actually got *chicken meal with a hilarious pun name*. me: well ma'am, the receipt has the chicken meal on here, how do you think that happened. never suggest that an employee messed up, because they will jump on that suggestion like it's a wounded antelope. a: i think the cashier misheard the order. of course the cashier misheard the order. i get about 3 people a week saying that this happened so that the manager will cave and give them something free. i normally just go along with it (i have to by company policy if they make a formal complaint anyway) but not today. today i have started college. i can stand up to these other adults now. me: well, i specifically heard the cashier repeat the order to you. i don't see how that could have happened. i think you simply misspoke. a: no, i didn't. i want a refund on this meal and the correct one for free. me: i'm afraid i can't do that. you've already eaten most of this meal. you should have come up and told me right away. i hope you have a good day and enjoy that drink you didn't pay for. we look forward to seeing you again. annoying turned bright, bright red as her kids looked up at her. the twelve-year-old smartass son spoke up: "mommy, i toldddd you that cup was only for water." she told me that i had been very unhelpful and sped out the door. she never gave me a complaint, and all the employees on shift loved me forever. i still have to give in to scammers fairly regularly (i.e. all the time jeez its awful), but man did it feel good to see one put in her place.okay, so i am a lurker who has never desired to create a reddit account nor participate (sorry!), but this happened to me yesterday and i knew it was my duty as a retail monkey to share with you all. i'm also maybe looking for some advice. last night, about a half hour before my shift at the gas station ended, pervert walks in to buy some gas and a bag of chips. as i swipe his card, he starts moaning very loudly. i ask him what's wrong, and he asks if i can "swipe it again." "well no, sir. the transaction went through. it won't be necessary to swipe your card again for this purchase." "so if i buy something else, you'll swipe my big card through that slit of yours again? i want it swiped good and fast." it was then that i realized what he was doing. of course i am totally disgusted, but in a moment of weakness and not knowing what to do, i did not refuse service and i let him buy a candy bar. however, this time i did not swipe his card, but manually keyed his number in. he still moaned a second time, and laughed as he exited. i am so grossed out. what's going on with the world? i don't even live/work in a particularly bad city. this guy was just an awful human being.when i was a bit younger i worked for a mom and pop sandwich and coffee shop in a cute little connecticut town. the job wasn't too bad, though we had to wear stupid polo shirts with the company logo printed on the breast which we had to pay for. i basically spent most of my time taking orders, making fancy coffee drinks, and handing out food to those that decided to sit in to eat. as winter rolled around i asked the boss for a week to go back to my fine home state of montana for a visit. he said that it would be fine and gave me the time off. all went pretty well until about three days before i was scheduled to return. i got a call from the bossman informing me that he had fired one of my co-workers for some offense or another and needed me in asap. i told him that i couldn't adjust my tickets and besides, i was in a huge state about three hours from an airport while being at the mercy of other people who wanted to drive me around. after making many frustrated noises he finally acknowledged his request was unreasonable and i assured him i'd be home when i planned. the day of the return trip arrived and i was off on my way to a connecting flight in minneapolis/st. paul. sadly, this is where i was locked down. after many weather delays my flight was finally cancelled. no dice, nothing coming or going until the next morning. i immediately called the bossman and let him know the situation on his voicemail. much to my surprise, i arrived at work asap to see if they could use me for the shift and was promptly told that i do not work there any longer. much wat. fuck him anyhow, i thought and walked next door to my buddy's bookstore to see if he could use a hand seeing as i was now jobless. he agreed and all was well, though my hours were much reduced. the best part was one day when my friend and i were parked in such a way that was blocking the former bossman's truck and he wanted out. instead of asking, he walked up to my friend's driver side window and started a rude rant which was quickly shut down when he noticed me in the passenger seat giving him a withering look. it felt pretty good.i'm the head supervisor at my store. we have all our holiday merchandise in a specific section of the store because it's on clearance.there are a lot of people in this section trying to get all they can and they all want help finding certain items. i'm helping one customer do the math for certain items that are 30% off and explaining how i got the answer. (some older people, i swear, just like having me perform math even though we have price scanners everywhere.) in the middle of doing this, i get a tap on my shoulder. me: me. complaining customer: cc cc: ma'am you need to tell me how much this is? me: (flips over item to look at the price tag) $8.95. (returns to help original customer, when cc returns a minute later.) cc: ma'am, it's in the clearance section. how much is it now? me: the final total will ring up at the registers or you could use the price scanner station right at the end of this aisle. cc: i don't know how to use that. me: please allow me to finish helping this customer and i'll assist you right away. cc: why is she getting your help and not me? me: i was helping her first. i promise i'll be right with you. cc: no, you should help me now. i'm a paying customer too! what makes her so special? (the first customer sees what's happening and insists that she'll figure it out on her own. she smiles, shakes my hand, and says 'good luck with that one.") cc: "good luck"? what's that supposed to mean? me: here let me show you how this works. (i walk her over. after scanning her item, cc is mad. her item is actually not on clearance.) cc: you're trying to rip me off! i want to talk to your supervisor. me: i am the supervisor. i apologize for the inconvenience, but another customer must have left it here. cc: why the hell is your store such a mess? i just want to buy things and you can't keep things clean? me: i will be organizing this aisle when i'm done assisting you. is there anything else i can help you find? cc: but i moved this to the clearance baskets! why didn't it go on sale? (realizing that she seems to think that moving an item to the clearance section was going to drop the price.) me: the information in the computer wasn't changed, just this item's location. the company enters a discount for this particular bar code. since they didn't do that, there's nothing i can do about this item's price. cc: but i moved it myself. look i changed this one's price too. (hands me a different item from her cart with a sticker on it that says "sale! only .99 cents.) me: ma'am that's now how the system works. the price is scanned off of this bar code, not the sticker. this item is going to be $5.99 before tax. cc: no! see! right there! it says .99 cents! me: (feeling irritated now, i took the sticker off of the new item.) and now it doesn't. it's $5.99." cc: if you can change the prices, why can't i? me: because the world is a cruel and unfair place. i'm sorry you're on the rough side of it all. with absolute sincerity she says, "thank you." and leaves my store, leaving behind a cart full of items that she had put stickers on in order to change the price. **hey tfr. i'm the girl who works at the arcade mentioned in [this post]( and this week i had another annoying customer.** basically a large group of customers all came up to the counter at once, and instead of forming a nice orderly queue for me, (because, seriously, who does that?) everyone was stood in big clusters widthways along the counter. i had no idea who to serve first, so i just went for the two 10/11 year olds nearest to me. about three words into the transaction, a woman literally shoved the kids out of the way, pulled her own daughter into view and said, &gt;**woman:** excuse me, she was here first. &gt;**me:** ma'am, i'm sorry but these boys were closest to me. &gt;**woman:** no, no, she got here first. &gt;**me:** sorry, but i'll have to serve her after these customers. the woman shifted slightly to the side, looking very pissed. i looked back to the kids and asked them what prizes they wanted. they shyly pointed out the toys behind the glass instead of talking. as i went to get their prizes out, i heard the woman yapping. &gt;**woman:** how dare you? you kids got to learn some manners. say please and thank you, and don't point. the kids looked a bit frightened and embarrassed, but managed to let out a "th-thank y-you", before they grabbed their toys and bolted out of there as fast as they could. the woman took this opportunity to shove her daughter in front of me again. &gt;**woman (to her child):** now, choose whatever you'd like, dear. &gt;**girl:** could i please have that rubix cube- &gt;**woman:** nonono, that's too boyish. choose something else. &gt;**girl:** um, could i get that pirate set? &gt;**woman:** no, you'll not be getting that! &gt;**girl:** okay, can i have the dog tags? they're like a necklace. &gt;**woman (to me this time):** nevermind, just get her that purse and some sweets with the rest. i raise my eyebrow at her as the girl protests to her mother. &gt;**girl:** mum, i don't like purses, i wanted that other stuff! at this point, they start a full blown shouting match about how little girls should have girly things, and how much the girl hates her mother and so on, so forth. all the other customers are looking between them and me, so, panicking, i signal the supervisor over. she asks the woman to leave. &gt;**supervisor:** you're disrupting my customers. you'll have to leave. &gt;**woman** i have every right to be here. &gt;**supervisor:** and i have every right to ask you to leave. go now, before i call security. the woman flashed me an angry look, yanked her daughter along with her and then finally left. sometimes i hate people.it's a monday evening and i'm driving my girlfriend to the downtown to run some errands. she's a full time waitress, incredibly personal and very sweet. we're sitting, talking about whatever we happened to be engaged in at the time when suddenly she stopped when her eyes lit up. *"oh god, i have an embarrassing story to tell you about work last night."* i glance over at her, letting her know she has my full attention. *"so i get this two-top, a mother and her little son. she looks to be low 30s, pretty, short brown hair and has this adorable child, perhaps 3-5 who's busy coloring on the paper place mats.* *"i get their drink order and when i come back, she brightly smiles at me and orders a turkey sandwich. now, this is where it gets weird: her face turns serious, looks me dead in the eyes and says: 'do your burgers complain?'.* *"and i pause!"* my girlfriend is laughing awkwardly as i smile at her. i haven't a clue where this story is going but this lady sounds mentally crazy. she continues: *"i nervously laugh and stammer out a simple: 'what?' this is when the lady again, looks at me and simply repeats, except more slowly: 'do your burgers... complain?'.* *"i have no idea what to do at this point! how do you help someone who is mental?! anxiously, i laugh again to try to relieve the tension as i say: 'i'm sorry ma'am, but burgers don't talk.'* *"now, we pause for perhaps, 4 solid seconds before the lady's mouth cracks and bursts out laughing. she waves her hands saying: 'wow, i'm so sorry! i guess i'm not being that clear. what i mean to say is: are there toppings on the burgers, as in: do your burgers come plain!?'"* i'm laughing so hard at this point i had to pullover to the side of the road. obligatory mobile formatting message. so, working retail in a mall that serves a wide area of neighborhoods, we get people from all walks of life applying. mostly local students between school years/semesters, but occasionally we get less reputable folks. this is the story of one such hire's last appearance in the store. for some background "j" as i'll call him was hired last september to work mattresses since one of the other guys was leaving. they wound up staying, but we kept j anyway because the sm said we needed to fill the schedule with hours. so j finishes training and comes down to the sales floor. and promptly falls asleep at the mattress register, in plain view of the entire store. and of course his behavior gets worse. smoking weed before coming in. falling asleep multiple times a shift. cursing in front of/at customers, not even getting off his ass, sitting on the display recliners, and shouting at customers if they need help, etc. but despite everyone (even the asms) wanting him gone, sm refused to fire j. eventually, december rolls around. j is cut to 5 hours a week because a) we all hate him and he messes up sales, and b) those were the hours that were available. 3 weeks pass, 3 shifts missed, no-call-no-show each time. he's fired for abandoning the job. when the termination letter goes out, his mom finally calls saying he's in the hospital. too little too late, we explain, and that's that. until last thursday. when j walks in through the door and has the balls to ask: &gt; j: yo, who do i talk to about getting back on the schedule. to which we stare dumbfounded at the guy and tell him "you're fired. you don't work here." &gt; j: i was in the hospital, come on man. how can i get back on? and we tell him again, "you basically abandoned the job for a month! no calls at all. you lost the job." j just keeps whining he was in the hospital and eventually goes up to hr. few minutes later he leaves without a word. when we told our manager his response was what we assume hr's was as well: "oh well lol" *edit: fixed stupid auto correctrepost from /r/pettyrevenge by request. about 12 years ago when i used to work at a pharmacy as a tech. a middle aged deaf woman came in for a refill so she and i communicated by written notes. as she and i are writing notes back and forth to each other, a douche bag walks up talking on the cell phone and proceeds to complain about this woman to the other person on the phone. he was a truly hateful prick about it and was so obnoxious. needless to say, i personally filled her prescriptions and had her out the door in less than five minutes. however, for some inexplicable reason his prescription kept getting sent to the end of the line never to be filled. after about 30 minutes, he asks to speak to my boss and complains about it taking so long. it was one of the busiest pharmacies in kansas city, but tons of people that came in after him were getting their meds and leaving. my boss calms him down by telling him that his script would be next and walks over to me and says, "what's the deal here? why do you keep moving his stuff to the back of the line?" i straight-up told my boss what the douche bag was doing and that it really pissed me off. my boss, a really cool guy, says, "right on" then kept the asshole waiting another half hour.so i was at work and as usual asking customers if they need any help, i approach this woman and ask: "do you need any help there?" she replies: "yes, i'm just looking to try on some skirts.." i reply: "yes of course, the changing rooms are straight ahead of you" she then quite condescendingly and angrily replies: "yes of course i know that" i then reply "ok cool" she then replies: "well you asked me whether i was ok; now i'm tellling you, it is cool isn't it" i then walked off, i literally got verbally harassed for asking someone if they needed any helphey guys. long time lurker, first time poster, and if this goes well, i'll submit some more of my stories **working in a gift store that sells gifts for all ages between 6 months and death.** now before i start off with the story, this happened to a coworker of mine but i had the absolute pleasure of watching it enrol. so it was a relatively okay day. not too much, a busy day has 11k at the end of it, this one only had 8 or 9. now, this odd looking guy walks into the store, i would say mid 20s crazy hair, you can tell he's weird... he wanted a gift for his girlfriend! how nice... we helped him out picking her something small, cheap and cute, and up to the register he came. now, this is the part it starts getting weird. he sets down the fluffy doll we helped him pick, the insanely absurd, unrelated card he got her, and *asks my coworker if she's on her period.* being the forward-going person she is, she goes with it. we know we'll get a laugh out of it. she answers and says, i do, to which he replies, **"do you have a spare tampon?"** ....coworker takes out a tampon she has on hand and hands it over, laughing, as do i. the card he chose is a "congratulations on your newborn son". he then asks her to write in pretty letters: " that we don't have bless jesus love you" they were celebrating her period o_o he proceeds to tie the tampon to the doll, [let us take a picture]( and walks off. most surreal experiences in my store. more to come? :di am in a middle management position and i work for a bakery which is owned by a multinational corporation. we sell cookies, muffins, coffee, smoothies etc. not long after christmas, i felt unwell and called in sick to work. i had vomited that morning because of a stomach bug. i was told by my manager that because there was nobody available to cover my shift, i still had to come into work. reluctantly, i took some pain killers and made the hour-long journey to work. i felt rough most of the day and tried to focus on administrative tasks and paperwork rather than serve customers. it's not nice for a customer to be served by someone who looks like death warmed up. 3 hours into my shift, i start to feel sick again so i go to the toilet and end up vomiting again. once i'd finished i phoned my manager and said i was leaving because i had just vomited again. i was warned that if i did that, i would possibly leave myself open to a disciplinary for leaving the shop "insecure" because i was the only key holder on shift and nobody else was allowed to close the shop unless a key holder was present. i was advised to "take it easy" for the rest of the shift. 5 hours later and i could finally leave after what was quite possibly the worst shift in my 9 years working in retail. i took the next five days off work to recover and put the whole incident behind me. flash forward 3 weeks and i receive a letter addressed to me delivered to my work. this is unusual. this had never happened before. so i open the letter and inside is a short, generic letter inviting me for an "investigation meeting" on the other side of the city with a manager of another store i had never heard of. my immediate reaction in my head was "oh it's probably about that customer who tried to assault another member of staff a few weeks ago". i was on shift and a drunken customer accused a member of staff of short changing him so he took a swing and tried to hit him. because of the nature of the incident we had to report it even though he wasn't hurt. so i pop along to this investigation meeting and i'm met by the manager mentioned in the letter and a younger guy in his early 20s who is there to take notes. the meeting is conducted in a kitchen with no seats which seems a little unusual for a formal meeting but none the less i am not too bothered. he introduces himself to me and myself to him. he begins by asking where i usually take my lunch breaks. this is not really what i expected but let's carry on. i explain i usually take my lunch break in the food court. the guy taking notes writes down all the questions and my answers word for word. "anywhere else?" is the next question. "well i occasionally go to the park in the summer and have my lunch there". not a prohibited practice in any case as our lunch breaks are unpaid. "would you ever take your lunch in the shop?". this is against company policy because of food safety etc. "no i don't. i like to get out of there for a while" i quip, to try and lighten the atmosphere. "ok. would you ever use your mobile phone in the shop?" he asks. "yes, i use it occasionally to contact the manager when he is not in the shop or to contact the delivery driver because the land line phone in the shop has stopped working". this is an honest answer and a reasonable one. i should refuse to use my own phone for work use but im a nice guy. "have you ever used your phone for texting people while you were at work?" i'm asked. "well i text the manager a few times with sales figures but not very often". his tone of voice becomes increasingly aggressive with no known cause at this point. "what do you have to say about this?" he presents me with an a4 size glossy photo of myself sitting on a chair in the back of the shop with my phone in my hand. the photo seems to have been taken on a long lens camera from a considerable distance from the outside of the shop. the date and time stamp on the photo correspond to the day i was sick a few weeks earlier. i then tell him this was an occasion when i was feeling unwell and i forced to attend work and was not allowed to leave my shift to go home, despite the fact that i had vomited twice that day because of a stomach bug. "you expect me to believe.... that after being sick, your manager said you had to come to work, then prevents you from going home when you are sick again and tells you to 'take it easy'?". i am now feeling angry and shocked at his response. however, i have something he didn't expect. "yes i do expect you to believe it......" i reach for my phone in my pocket and play back the calls. i record all of my calls just in case something happened, although i never expect myself to be in *this* position (this is completely legal where i live). after playing the recordings, he tells me that it's against company policy to have my phone in an investigation meeting (i'm sure he made that up otherwise he would have said it before i played the recordings). i then tell him "excuse me, i think the bigger issue here is that *company name* has broken food safety law by forcing a member of staff who has been sick to work around food!". since the start of this meeting, the guy taking notes has been writing everything said word for word. the manager interviewing me now holds his hand over the notes and says to the note taker "hold on a minute" before he has a chance to write what i have just said. i am getting angry and upset because he won't allow this to be written down. i tell him that if he doesn't allow this to be written down, i will leave the meeting right now and go to our head office on the other side of the city to explain the whole thing to them. he eventually allows what i have said to be written down. before i have a chance to say anything else, he proclaims "it is now 1:22pm and i am suspending this meeting". he then leaves the room with no other explanation. the guy taking notes is still in the room with me. off the record, he tells me he is also shocked at the way this meeting has been conducted. he said he has never been told to stop writing after someone has said something. we informally discuss the situation between ourselves. 10 minutes later, the manager returns with a letter he has printed out. he explains that he has escalated the matter to a disciplinary hearing in five days time. there is no mention on the letter of the reason. when i demand to know why, he simply says "the meeting is over. i have nothing else to say." flash forward five days later and i attend the disciplinary hearing with a different manager. the reason given? because i have arrived late for work on four occasions in the past 6 months. this is such a minor issue that this has never been mentioned to me before now. all of the times i have arrived late have been because of public transport issues which are widely publicised after the event. none of these have exceeded 10 minutes on any occasion. it happens to everyone but we don't make a big deal about it because unless you want to spend half your daily pay on car parking, public transport is the only way to get here. when i ask him about what happened in the other meeting, he claims to know nothing about it and i need to speak to the other manager who conducted that interview. this was three months ago and today i learn that the manager that conducted the investigation meeting has now "left". when i ask the reason why he left, the person who told me just said "well if he hadn't have left, we would have *made* him leave". the incident i experienced with him might have had an effect on his employment. there's always a chance but i will never know.this is my first time posting, so bear with me. so, i work in a bowling alley in minnesota. usually it's pretty calm, only had to call the cops twice (this being one of them) and i've never had to personally kick anyone out. this happened last night at about 12 am. a guy walked into the bar at about 10 pm (greg from here on out), and ordered a few drinks from the bartender. i work the front counter so i don't know how he acted inside the bar, so i can't tell you much about him. but i do know that by the time he left at about 12 he was completely trashed. the bartender comes into the bowling alley part and asks me to watch the bar for him while he goes out to smoke with the guy before he leaves. it's kind of a slow night, so it's no biggie, i go in and watch the bar. a few minutes later the bartender runs in and tells me to go on the speaker and call forward someone who drove a white escalade, because their car was hit. apparently greg hit a car while on his way out of the parking lot, and sped away before the bartender could get his license plate number. so i call them forward while the bartender calls the cops and tells them about the whole situation. while we're waiting for the cops the bartender gets an idea. he goes into his past sales and looks up the name on the credit card greg used. he uses this name to search facebook for greg. he find his profile, totally public, and with a profile picture matching greg perfectly. at around 11 greg posted a status on facebook "drinking at (bowling alley)!" and his timeline cover was a picture of the car used to hit the escalade. the bartender starts going through his pictures, and comes across a picture of that same car, but from the front this time, totally exposing the license plate number. now we have a name, a face, a car model, and a license plate number. when the cop gets there the bartender gives him all this information. the cop thanks him, does all the cop stuff that i don't know about, and now they are (possibly were) searching for that car trying to catch him and charge him with a dwi and a hit and run. so this just goes to show, don't post everything online, or at least don't leave it public. or do, it just might do everyone a favor if you get into trouble, and could possibly save a life.i worked in a small town fast food franchise. the franchise owner had his corporate office in our town, we did a lot of direct contact with him. he's an awesome guy, voiced on many times he doesn't condone rude customers. enter construction worker (cw). busy lunch hour, lots of orders and i'm the manager on duty. i step to the register me: what can i get ya today? cw: i want a #7 with a coke. now, we're having an upsale contest for a $50 gas card, so i begin my spiel of "we have other sides besides french fries, for xx more you can get onion rings, fried mushrooms or a side salad." cw raises his voice, slams his hand on the counter and says "i just want my fucking fries." at first i was stunned. and then mad. no one deserves to be yelled at, especially over fries. so i stop his transaction and smile me: i'm sorry sir, i don't have to take that language and attitude. you can get your food somewhere else, i'm not serving you. cw: are you serious? you can't do that! me: yes, i actually can. i can refuse service to anyone, and you aren't eating here. cw: i know the owner (small town, i hear this all the time) i'm going to give him a ring and let him know you refused me!! me: would you like his cell phone number? cause that's the number i was going to call to let him know you cussed at me and demanded "effing" french fries. cw walked out, my co workers were shocked and the lady behind him clapped. i immediately called the owner to let him know what happened, and with plenty of witnesses i never even worried about repercussions. it was a good day to say the least.as ive mentioned before i work in a generic supply store located if a mildly ritzy area. so its pretty natural that we receive a lot of self entitled customers. so we get various different types of pricks but one that irritates me more than most is simply the lazy fuckers. again these people are self entitled and lazy and they believe that low payed retail employees are there to answer to their every beck and call. so we occasionally get these customers that will just hand us a scrap of paper with a few things scrawled on it and they expect us to do there shopping for them. out of the lot of them there was this one particular woman who would come in and give us this stunt. she was a fairly regular customer so i had learned to avoid her whenever she came, shes one of those customers we just sorta shirk off onto the new guys and let them deal with her. however one night several months ago here she comes in, we'll call her lazy woman(**lw**), with the same smug look on her face as always. however, it had been quite the day and my normally pleasant facade was pretty much nonexistent. it was nothing personal it had just been a very long shift with several annoying customers and i had just been worn thin. so anyways its probably 4 or 5 minutes to close, when **lw** comes in. at this point at night im not thinking to hard so i just approach her. /u/clockworkundertaker: hi ma'am anything we can help you find tonight **lw:** im looking for "product x" /u/clockworkundertaker: thats gonna be on aisle 6 ma'am, your right hand side, halfway down. **lw:** thats nice, ill wait here while you go get that for me she then proceeds to start fooling with here phone. this was pretty much breaking point for me, i had been there for close to 9 hours, i had been dealing with crazy customers all day, and i really didnt want to be made into this self entitled bitches...well bitch. so i gave her my condescending "go fuck yourself look" and told her /u/clockworkundertaker: um...yeah, no. go get it yourself. **lw:** excuse me?!?! /u/clockworkundertaker: you got 4 working limbs, get it your damn self. **lw:** well i never!(she got pretty pissed pretty quick, shes is already beat red here) i demand to see your manager! /u/clockworkundertaker: certainly! hey manager com'er **m:** hi ma... *gets cut off* **lw:** your employee said t*m cuts her off* **m:** ma'am im well aware of what just happened, i saw the whole thing. **lw:** well arent you gonna do something about it? **m:** yes i am actually, ma'am leave my store **l:** eh, but... **m:** ma'am the store is closed now and i want you off the premises immediately. at this point i should point out that this particular manager is about 6'8 and probably weighs close to 450 pounds, this is a big dude. and the bitch in question if 5'3 at the most and in her late 40's. not a lot she can really do against him. she gives the both of us a look to kill and leaves the store. the manager begins to laugh his ass off. the tale eventually made its way back around to the store manager himself who told all of us that in an event like that were simply to walk away and leave the customer standing there. the point of the story is that employees arent your personal servants, they're normal people who work a minimum wage job, and honestly dont give a shit about you your needs. leave them alone, ask a question, get your shit, and get out. if you really need help, we are more than happy to oblige, but dont be a total prick about it cause angry minimum wage employees can make you really miserable.i've been working at a movie theater for about 6 months now and i just got a customer worth posting about. one day an elderly lady came in with her daughter and two grandchildren, they bought tickets to a 3-d movie, and of course i double checked saying, "this showing will be in 3-d, is that okay?" after saying yes they proceeded into their movie. after about 40 minutes, the grandmother came back out to the lobby, and asked why the screen is blurry. confused on why no one had come out to complain earlier, i asked if she ha been wearing her 3-d glasses. (as i'm sure you know without the glasses it just looks blurry.) she said no, because she didn't want to wear them. i explained that the movie will be blurry if she doesn't wear the glasses. she said that it's unacceptable to run a movie blurry and asked to speak to a manager. i called a manager for her and he reiterated what i had said and offered her a refund on the ticket. she refused and returned to her movie. i went back to preparing for the next round of movies, but she wasn't done with us quite yet. she returned to the lobby, demanding we turn the 3-d "off." i told her i couldn't do that because the rest of the customers had paid to see the film in 3-d. she began to yell rather rude things to me, which climaxed in her throwing her 3-d glasses at me, gathering her family, and leaving the theater early. i explained to my manager what happened in case she called to complain. edit: i was dumb and didn't actually know how 3-d workedthe customer walked in, i smiled and said good morning, and he just stared at me, so that was my indication he wasn't going to be very pleasant. when he came through my line a few minutes later with a couple small items, he proved my theory to be true. &gt;me: is that everything for you? &gt;grumpy: *stares at me* &gt;me: okay... would like a bag for it? &gt;grumpy: no. &gt;me: alrighty. your total is $xx.xx he pays, and i go to hand him his receipt. &gt;grumpy: *blank stare* where's my bag? &gt;me: you said you didn't want one... &gt;grumpy: well i changed my mind! &gt;me: well you never told me, so i didn't know. i bagged his items and wished him a good day and he left mumbling something about "incompetent women." *sigh**so i may cry, i was 20 minutes into typing this post up when a power surge hit and every thing at work went down, including the computer and now i have to type this again. that in itself may become another post* disclaimer: standard stuff. first time post, massive wall of text, etc. background: i work at a small, privately owned retro game store. you name it, i have something for it. now this tale takes place a few days after gta 5 came out. you see, on this slow day at work i was killing time doing what i usually do: playing snes games on one of our displays. on the rare occasion when a customer would come in, i'd pause my game, greet them and offer whatever help i could provide, then make my way to sit in front of the computer that doubles as our register and browse the internet while people wander around the store. now it had been an hour or so since i had last had anyone in the store, so i was itching to sell something when mom and kid came in. i jumped up and gave them my spiel, and they assured me they were fine and were just looking. well a few minutes go by when kid and mom come up to me with, you guessed it, gta 5 in hand. kid has that look of pure bliss on his face. the one where you just know he is envisioning the future just minutes away from him where he has popped that brand new game into his 360 and is merrily running over civillians and blowing them apart with every weapon under the sun. except there is one thing between him and that future. a fell and powerful guardian. that would be me. i should take this time to mention that for the most part i don't like telling people they can't buy something. it is sad not only because i'm missing out on a sale, but i'm also a gamer and it sucks when you get that happy feeling of having a new game or system and its ripped away from you. "your card was declined," "you have to be 17 or older to buy this," etc are phrases i dislike. except in some cases when they are the sweetest things in the world. for you, the entitled, the bratty, the liars, the assholes, the pricks, the scammers, the schemers, etc. to you, i find those words delicious and oh so damn good you just know its fattening. back to the story. so whenever a minor or someone that looks like a minor tries to buy a m rated game, i am required by law to ask for an id or get verbal guardian approval before the sale can happen. now most parents fall into one of two general categories: the "i don't care, i just pay for the damn thing and assume every thing is okay now take my money" type, and the "i'm actually have an idea about what is going on here and i'm totally cool with it, now take my money" type. those are the ones that just say yes and, having done my duty and covering my ass legally, i move on and make the sale. not mom. no, when i tell her about the m rating, she actually stops and asks me why its m rated. my heart stopped. i heard choirs and bells and that little tone we all know and love when mario picks up a coin. this honestly never happens. i've worked at this job for nearly four years and it is safe to say less than twenty to thirty people have actually asked to be informed. kid's heart drops at this. but you can still see hope in his eyes, hiding right there behind the fear as he turns to me and every part of his body language is just screaming "dude...be cool." nope! i like my job, and i like to think i do it well. i'm paid to play and talk about games from the atari on up to the ps4 and xbox one afterall. so when someone asks me about a game, i'm going to tell you every thing about it. and thats just what mom gets. first blow: language. mom's approval doesn't take any visible damage; kid is optimisitc and reassures mom he is mature enough to handle it. quick second punch: drugs and alcohol. i think i saw a grimace....but mom recovers quickly. kid again whispering assurances and praise in her ear like wormtongue in lotr. i'm getting serious now: violence. finally, a crack in the armor. mom starts to show some concern and wants to make sure kid reallly wants this game and can handle it. kid puts on his most mature look *i swear if he had a tux, monocle, and top hat, he would have magically donned them at this point to complete the illusion* he does, he can, he could pay the damn mortgage right now he's that mature. you're doing well in keeping the situation favorable kid, but i have a secret weapon: nudity. yep, as some of you know, gta 5 didn't get the 'partial nudity' rating that could qualify as anything from some exposed ankle to side boob. nope. now this is what kid feared was coming and hoped i either didn't know, or wasn't going to share it, but i did. critical hit. tko. mom was out. she refused to get it, and told kid he wasn't going anywhere near that game until he was old enough. i thought that was the end of it but damn, kid was quick on his feet. he played the "friends already have it" card followed quickly by "dad will be okay with it, call him." so she stepped out of the store for a moment to call dad and tell him, meanwhile i'm left in the store getting the most venom/hate/spite/rage filled look i've seen. seriously, i think if looks could kill this one would have done a number on me. not that quick and easy kill me on the spot stuff. oh no, i mean slow and painful, years of torture kind. well mom comes back in and is on the fence again. apparently dad wasn't against it, but she still was. i'm given the phone and asked to tell him exactly what i told her, and i do, and mom gets the phone back. this time she stays in the store and i must have convinced dad because this time she hangs up and tells kid he is not getting the game. reddit, let me tell you i have seen some tantrums, explosions, complete personality turn arounds, etc in my time but damn! kid takes the cake. all illusion of maturity flies out the window as he plays every cliche trick in the book. he screams, he threatens, he cries, he begs, every thing. i would love to go into detail about exactly what transpired here but it was a while back and he went on for nearly 30 minutes, so i'll just give you my three favorite parts because i can remember those nearly verbatim. favorite 1: kid is in that state where he transitions from rage to bawling seamlessly, but is sniffling and snotting and generally grossing me out the entire rampage. why is this hilarious? because while doing all this he is telling mom that he is mature enough to handle the game, and that the nudity isn't even a main part of it and he won't look at it, and he doesn't have to do it, etc. except it actually is a main part for at least one story mission. so yeah. also the tantrum technique? not exactly the best when trying to claim you are old enough for something favorite 2: the "xxx has it so screw you i'll just play it there." now kudos to mom, she handled this like a pro. her response "you won't when i call every one of your friends' parents and tell them you are not to be any where near that game. i'm also going to ask them if they know exactly what their kids are playing" favorite 3: this one was just stupid, which made it all the more pathetic and hilarious. kid yells at mom telling her he doesn't need her and he'll just come back and buy the game in a few days himself. mom, not fazed or even looking at me, asks me if he could buy it without her. to help her get her point across i ask if he is 17, she assures me he isn't, and i tell them that without an id proving he is 17 or older no one can legally sell him that game. the night ends with her dragging his bawling, snot dripping, raging ass out of my store, apologizing profusely for his antics, and before they get out of earshot i can hear her list off the loooooooong list of punishments he's going to recieve after his behavior. reddit, i love moments like that. it had it all: drama, laughter, lies, betrayal, threats, crying, bargaining, and a parent actually acting like a parent. oh, and kid was about 15 by the way. be honest, you all thought he was 10 didn't you? i've got 4 years of tales piled up if you want more. tl:dr you guys are cheating....fine. kid pitches, mom refuses to catch.happened last night working a night shift and a particularly popular small supermarket/petrol station. i was busy ringing up a lady's food stuffs, scanning it through with the usual retail script, when this drunk guy in the queue pipes up. &gt;me: "have you got any petrol at all?" &gt;lady: "no thanks, just these" &gt;me "no worries, altogether it's £9.89" &gt;lady: "oo i think i have the change" (normally if the queue was any longer than 1 person, i'd ring for another assistant, but as it was just one guy i just let him wait all of 30 seconds) *letting the lady get the change whilst i carry on packing her stuff into a bag* &gt;drunk guy: "could you just hurry up" for those of us who have worked at 9 hour night shift, our energy and patience drains a fuck tonne more than during the day so i calmly said: &gt;"give me just three seconds, i'm with a customer" &gt;drunk guy: "i've already been waiting 2 minutes" &gt;me: "then you don't mind waiting 2 seconds" &gt;(directed at lady) "sorry about that" &gt;lady: "no don't be, i'd say the same" after she had left, he handed his cheap beer over and paid without saying a worda while back, when i was sixteen, i had taken a job at a local grocery store. i lived in a small town, and even through the store was quite small, it was the largest one in the county. i had nearly worked for two months at the local grocery store when this occurrence had happened. i was nearing the end of my shift on a saturday afternoon, it hadn't been a particularly day, despite it being a weekend, and i can recall myself quite bored when the old man walked into the store. the old man, who's name i will change for the sake of the story to david, had been a regular customer, spending a few hundred dollars a week. he was usually upbeat and enthusiastic, but today he was distant and fatigued. "how are you doing, sir?" i asked from behind the counter. "ok, its been a long day." david replied without his usual cheer. he then shuffled away into the aisles. minutes passed and i waited patiently in the seat which was positioned behind the cash register, but after awhile i went to look for him, to see if he needed any assistance. i searched the store, caressing overstocked aisles with a looking eye, when i finally found him in the far right corner looking at the outdoors merchandise we carried, which consisted of rope, a few cheap tents, bug spray, and various other things you'd need to bring for a typical night of camping. david had a cheep twelve pack of beer in one hand, and was the examining the different ropes with another. "hello david." i said. the store staff were quite friendly with the old man, or at least enough that we called him by his first name. "do you need help with anything?" "which rope do you think is the strongest?" there were only four different of rope, and i honestly had completely no clue which one was the most durable, so i picked at random, pointing at a blue one. then he gave me a measurement, and i cut the certain length, then took the rope to the cash register so he could pay. david followed slowly, a mopish jaunt. the receipt took a while to print, the printer was old and dawdling, and so after i had scanned the rope and beer i tried to converse with david. i looked at the rope, and the weary expression on the old man's face. "are you sure everything is ok?" "could be better, could be worse." david said with stale tone. "alright then," i said smiling,"here's your receipt." as he walked out of the store, i went to my manager. i told him of the recent occurrence, and he was slightly concerned. david was a regular customer, spent a lot of money in the store, and also was the owner's good friend. so due to the fact that david lived about a block away, the manager had the bright idea of sending me out to monitor the old man. i protested at first, but gave when i realized that i'd be basically getting paid to watch a house, but what i could possibly do to prevent a suicide was beyond me. i walked out of the store with a hoodie on, it was nearing spring but it was still brisk outside. my breath misted faintly in the air. i walked down the street trailing david, feeling like a total moron. fortunately, i had an mp3 player in my pocket, so i could listen to music while doing my detective research. after two corners, david's house was in sight and i decided to wait it out on a bench in front of a auto store about 50 yards away from the shabby, two-story house. ten minutes passed without anything eventful, then fifteen minutes, twenty minutes, but after about maybe 25 minutes, i saw david. the old man's backyard was surrounded by a tall, wooden fence and had a huge, branched oak tree in the middle. david was ambling up the tree's broad branches with the blue rope coiled around his arm. when he reached the middle branch, he stopped, and tied an end of the rope around it in a wide knot. he then descended back down the oak, and disappeared behind the wooden fence. another bout of minutes passed, i felt a nervous twinge of expected excitement in my chest, the rope glared at me like an impending doom. the afternoon sun was setting, and it loomed over david's house with a glaring tint. i had to squint my eyes at the house, and even then it was hard to see. the sun continued to decline, it grew colder, and i grew more jittery with every moment. the blue rope swayed in a slight breeze. finally, a figure appeared, two figures actually, to stand on top of the fence frame. one the slime frame of a young girl, the other of the old man. david had the rope held in his hand, but quickly put it around the girls...neck? i couldn't tell with the distance, but the way the girl was shaking shrieked of approaching disaster. was david hanging a child? i stood up abruptly, yanking out my ear buds with a contorted twist of my hand, and began to amble toward the house. everything was as if it was in slow motion, my feet speeding forward faster than i ever think they've gone before, david shoving the girl of the top of the fence connected to the rope tied to the branch of the oak tree. "holy hell!" i shouted. a scream sounded from the other side of the fence, and the rope went slack. i scaled the wooden fence with an untapped agility, landing on the other side with a heavy thud. i once again stood up, scanning the grass lawn with ninja-like eyes. there was david, standing on top of the fence smiling down at the frame of the girl who...held the slender blue rope in her hands. two other girls were standing underneath the tree, yelling words of encouragement, but they stopped abruptly when they saw the sight of me, a hooded teenager with eyes pulsing with adrenaline. i stared at them awkwardly, then turned to david and apologized profusely. it turns out those were his grand kids, and he was caring for them for the weekend. the reason he had looked so distant and fatigued was because, well, he had been caring for three grand kids for the weekend. the rope was used for a rope swing to entertain his granddaughters. after i told why i had so unexpectedly appeared in his back lawn, he laughed almost as profusely as i had apologized. it became a joke between us and the store, and the story was told for years afterward.i worked in the deli for a major supermarket in canada for a few years. one very important thing we had to do hourly was temperature checks. food in the hot case had to be at or above a certain temperature and could only be out for a set number of hours. i've got 2 quick stories about new girls i had the pleasure of training. * training a cute girl who didn't seem too bright, but there's not much to the frying chicken business anyway. she was going to school to be an rn / psw so i figured she'd be on board with safety and keeping records (accurate temperature logs). - nope - she claimed to be dyslexic and, as such, couldn't read an analog clock and keeping logs were an issue. red flag for food safety, super red flag for getting the right dosage of medicine. also we had to spice raw whole chickens, stick them on racks, and throw them in an oven. this was "too gross" for her and she wasn't going to do it. not sure if she got the part in her psw class about elderly care and gross things one will need to do/clean. she didn't make it to the end of the week. * we hired another right-out-of-high-school girl to replace her. this was her first job but she was taking in everything, asking the right questions, and taking notes. i told her about the girl who couldn't read an analog clock. well, this girl couldn't read an analog clock either but didn't say anything to me at the time. i only found out a few days later that she went home and spent a few hours with her mom learning how to do so. that was cool of her not to just give up. kids these days, man. my grandad just told me this and i thought you'd all enjoy a crazy customer story through the eyes of a customer. i'll tell it from his point of view. "so i was trying on some jumpers that were on sale, they were a really good bargain so it was busy. i hung my jacket on a hanger so it wouldn't get dirty on the floor and turned away to look at the racks. when i turned back some guy was trying on my jacket! my jacket! i said "excuse me, that's my jacket." but the guy says "no it's not, you're trying on the jumpers" "that is my jacket, my phone is in the pocket." "well you could have just put it there to hold it, but you can't do that while you're trying on something else so i'm taking it." at this point i've had enough and i want my damn jacket back so i shout at the him "look mate, i've had a shit day and i just want to do my shopping in peace. the government has just taken all my money and now you're trying to take the clothes off my back. it is my fucking jacket with my fucking phone in the pocket so give it back before this becomes a problem." (my grandad is a 70yr old 6'5 badass) everyone is looking now so the guy gives me my jacket back but he still follows me out the door before he's certain i was trying to steal his bargain." tldr: crazy old peopleheya guys! short story about when i first started. i had a trainee name tag for about 4 months. i was the only trainee to have said name tag, even though there were those hired at the same time and after me. they got normal names. i got, "trainee". so i'd often get people talking condescendingly to me and telling me" you'll get it right eventually". gee, thanks, but i've been here for months now... a couple people would always stop, stare, and ask if "trainee" was really my name. and every time, i'd answer, "this is an honored family name passed down through generations. my name is trainee, is there anything else i can get for you?" then they'd look at me for a bit, get it, then laugh. then i'd tell them, "nah, mate, i'm firelight2". i got a lot of compliments for being witty.....i work in a popular british book/stationery/newsagent style shop. this happened to me this morning. it's boxing day, which means boxing day sales. actually not terrible discounts, i picked up a few things myself. fortunately, the shop i work at is in a small village, maybe only a few hundred people living there, so we weren't very busy today. about half an hour before we closed, a woman comes in and heads straight to the back of the shop, to where our books are kept. as we didn't expect to be busy, only myself and the assistant manager are in, and we're stood by the tills talking about films we plan on seeing next year. twenty five minutes later (five minutes before we close) he goes through to the back, turns off most of the lights and comes back onto the shop floor to let any remaining customers know that we're closing soon. come closing time, the only customer left is this woman, who walks up to the till with her arms full of books. i scan them all through and, after multiple bogohp/bogo£1 etc. offers, it totals at just over £100. she then hands me a voucher. c = customer, m = me, am = assistant manager c: i've got these vouchers i want to use, they should cover it. *i take the vouchers and on the front, in big text, it clearly says "20% off ink cartridges next time you shop"* m: i'm sorry, but these vouchers are only valid for ink cartridges, not books. do you still want the books or wou- c: but it says 20% off? can't i give you five vouchers and get the books for free? m: no, i'm afraid not, it says on the vouchers here that they're only valid on ink cartridges, not books. c: what? let me see! *she snatches the vouchers out of my hands. at this point the am walks away because he doesn't have a filter when it comes to stupid people* c: it doesn't say anywhere on here that you can't use them on books! m: well, no, but that's because it says tha- c: this is stupid, i should get these for free. **i want to speak to a manager** *i sigh and call the am back over and try to explain the situation* m: am, this customer is upset that she can't use her ink cartridge vou- c: i have five 20% off vouchers here, that means i can get this for free! am: ... are you being serious? c: this idiot keeps telling me that it's only for ink, but it doesn't say anything about not being able to use it for books! am: can i see the voucher quickly? *she hands one over* am: ah, you're right, it doesn't say you can't use it on books. actually, it doesn't say you can't use it at the supermarket down the road, either. why don't you try there, we're closed.i am a cashier at a pretty big craft store. we have a major competitor, but their closest store is almost 20 mins away. (this is relevant to the story.) anyways, i'm ringing up a few purchases from a group of 30something women. one of them asks me if we have any online coupons and i tell her to just google search store name coupon and it will pull right up. a few seconds later she shows me her phone screen and she has pulled up a coupon for competitor. c = the customer. me: oh, i'm sorry ma'am, i cannot accept coupons from other stores. c: what do you mean? me: that coupon is for competitor, so unfortunately i cannot use it on your purchase. c: well, i don't see why not! you should be able to take this coupon! me: i'm sorry, i can only accept coupons for store name, not for competitor. c: what do you mean?! this is competitor!! (at this point it is important to note that almost everything in our store is branded, my nametag and shirt both have the store name on them, and there are signs with our store name hung up all over the sales floor.) me: uhh... no ma'am i'm sorry but this is store name, not competitor. c: no!!!! me, showing her my nametag: see, it says right here, this is store name! *big retail smile* c: **this is competitor.** me: ma'am, i'm not sure what else to tell you, but i can promise you this is store name. your total will be $xx.xx today. c, paying while continuing to glare at me: this is competitor. i do not shop at store name. me, handing her the items and change: have a nice rest of your day, ma'am! c: it says competitor outside, you'll see!! and then she walked out. i have people show me wrong coupons a lot, but most of them know where they're shopping. i don't know how you miss something like that..? **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** i had a customer call a month ago to complain about some fireworks. the customer was hearing-impaired, and the call was being conducted through a tdd device using an operator. if you've never communicated over a tdd through an operator, it can be exasperating, and i feel terrible for the hearing impaired people who have to use one. basically, you tell the operator whatever you’d like to say, making sure to speak slowly. the operator types your end of the conversation on a keyboard, and then sends it to the hearing impaired user. the user then reads the message, types in their reply, and sends it back to the operator. the operator then reads the reply back to you. sometimes, it can take minute or two for all this to happen, so you’re basically saying a couple of sentences or asking a question, waiting for a minute or two to hear the reply, and then speaking again. it's like having a conversation in slow motion with someone on the moon. apparently, the caller had purchased some fireworks from me in june, and was mad because some of them didn't work. i give an unconditional money back guarantee on everything i sell, and i always feel terrible when someone has issues with my stuff. i apologized profusely, and since my store is seasonal and had already closed, i offered to send him a check to refund his purchase. normally, i’d want to see a receipt or have them bring back the duds, but because of the tdd, we’d already been on the phone for more than 20 minutes at that point. i felt bad for the guy, and just wanted to finish the call and make him happy. **(two minutes later - tdd delay)** unfortunately, that wasn't the answer he was looking for. instead, he wanted me to replace his fireworks. i offered to meet him somewhere and bring him replacements. **(two minutes later)** i was informed that he lived an hour away and couldn’t get over to orlando. instead, he wanted me to mail him the fireworks. now fireworks are considered hazardous materials, and can't be shipped through the regular mail. because of the expense and problems associated with this, i don't ship fireworks. i let him know that and again offered to send him a check to cover the duds. **(two minutes later)** i was again told that i needed to mail him fireworks, since i had a guarantee, and the fireworks he had purchased were bad. once again, i explained to the operator that i didn’t mail fireworks, but that i’d be happy to send a check. **(two minutes later)** he’s now really mad at me, and yelling that i can send him a check and he’ll go to another fireworks company to get his stuff. i only know that he was yelling because the tdd operator informed me that he was typing “emphatically”. that’s right…i was being yelled at by a hearing impaired person over the phone through an operator translating the call. i asked him to give me a list of exactly what fireworks were duds, so i could figure out the cost and mail him a check. i also told him that i would need his home address. **(two minutes later)** it’s a box of firecrackers. a f*cking $9.95 box of firecrackers. i had now spent 30 minutes on the phone because this ass was unhappy that “some of the firecrackers” in his pack did not pop more than two months after he had purchased them. i immediately sent him a check for $20 through online banking. i filled out the note field on the check. it read, “please shop somewhere else”. unfortunately, it can take up to 8 days for the check to arrive when it’s a new entry online. the bastard called me back every day until he got the check. when the tdd operator would identify themselves, i would just say, “the check is in the mail”, and hang up. ------ if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](alright, so kids are very annoying when it comes to checking out. always in the way, blocking the sensor, climbing on the bag spinner thing... i'm always afraid i'm going to hit one of them in the head with it and guess what. i finally did. this young boy did everything i described above and more. however, he was also leaning into the thing that the bags are on that i spin towards the customers. i did not see him there being obnoxious and i spun it so i could move on to the next bag and it hit him in the head. holy crap. my heart just about stopped as i thought to myself that i was in a shit ton of trouble right there. the parents, however, surprised me by telling him it was his own fault and that he needs to get out of my way. oh, that made my day.so i'm at work at my auto part store trying my bstt not to kill the many idiots that we get. so this lady comes in yo the store, well she was dressed like a lady but you could tell it was a guy in drag. now we don't get many people like that but i have had a few run ins so i'm not really surprised or even care. so she comes up to the counter and asks for some power steering fluid. i go and grab it for her and ring it up. she then asks me if i could help put the fluid in for her and i said sure why not. so we go to the car and while i'm opening up the hood we make small talk. right when i finish she takes out a $20 bill and tries to give it to me. i tell her i can't accept tips but if she did that customer survey it would help me out more. she agrees and then asks why i treated her normal. i get what she meant and i just tell her " honestly i don't care how you look ma'am, we all deserve to be treated the same no matter how you look." she thanked me and gave me a hug which felt weird cause i don't usually get hugs from strangers and then she just puts the $20 in my shirt pocket and leaves. it made me feel happy knowing that i made her day by just being casual. my coworker then asked me if that was a dude and i just responded with it doesn't matter, all customers look the same to me and smiled. and with that, i felt good and made today a good day until 30 seconds later i get another idiot trying to buy washer fluid to put in his radiator.i was just a normal customer in this situation, but found it to be annoying none the less. today my fiance and i got breakfast and studied at a popular bread cafe in town. while we were in line waiting to order, there was an old lady in front of us demanding her money back because - *drumroll* - she thought it was too cold in the restaurant. she was holding an empty cup that was clearly meant for a frozen drink and berated the manager for the temperature claiming that she "couldn't even sit in there long enough to finish her drink" because of how chilly it was. a younger woman (either daughter or granddaughter i'm guessing) came up to her and told her "they were ready" and were going to the car, to which the woman responded, "wait a minute, i'm getting my money back for this drink!" clearly, she did finish her drink and had been there with her family for quite a while. not only did the manager refund her money, but he also turned the heat up in the restaurant. long after she was gone, it was still roasting inside. i couldn't help but laugh later when a customer sitting at a nearby table looked over to us and asked, "is it toasty in here to you?"this happened a few years back, when i used to manage a small grooming salon. we had one customer who i hated. she was a terrifying, tiny elderly lady who owned a little dog. every frikkin time she called to make a booking to get her dog groomed, the times available were never to her liking, and she would throw a tantrum like a three year old until we just gave up and let her have her own damn way . well, one day she called up, and i ended up completely rearranging the entire days schedule to suit her sorry butt. i was none too pleased, and consequently renamed her "haggis" in the booking system. anywho. her appointment time comes and goes, and haggis doesn't show up. i'm infuriated. a coworker asks me where she is, and i spit "maybe she's dead, and her dog has devoured her corpse". coworker tells me i'm morbid and horrible, and we forget about it. fast forward a week later, and i recieve a phone call from my coworker. she's upset with me. apparently haggis' family had come into the shop with sad news. haggis had passed away, and my coworker, being the superstitious person she was, believed i had somehow cursed her. (the only curse here is my big fat mouth and awful sense of humour) so this happened today before i left work. guy comes in and starts taking a bunch of tools. i mean this dude was not being subtle. so i came up to him asking if he was ready to pay for those parts and just bolts to the door making the alarm go off. now at that moment when he was stealing two cops show up and are heading toward the store. the shoplifter gets to the door and sees the cops and just stays frozen there. i come out and tell the cops that he was shoplifting. they grab him and searched him. they find about $100 worth of stuff. they arrest him and put him the patrol car. man talk about having the worst timing ever.i've been at this large 24/7 retail store for a couple years. i was for almost a year a department manager, but, i stepped down because of school and i simply didn't enjoy the pressure i was under for a dollar raise. i tolld management my schedule, they told me it would be "ok". so, when i see my schedule says i'm scheduled to work during my school hours i get mad. i go to my manager and tell him "man, you forgot to update my schedule or something". no bigge he says, he just forgot and he promises he'll change it asap. you can see where this is going? he doesn't change it, and i'm still scheduled for working during school hours. i'm furious now, and go to our store manager, "big boss'. i hate dealing with the big boss, i really do. he's not friendly and he's basically a corporate mouthpiece, and a typical rich conservative. i tell him the problem, and he says "sorry jasin, but we're not going to work around your schedule. we need you for those shifts". no problem, i tell him i'll just call out and keep doing it till they change my schedule. "then we'll just have to terminate you out of the system", yep, i take off my badge and say "i'll save you the effort of firing me i quit". i walk out and as i'm heading towards the front i hear him page me to the ad-office. i head back there, i have no idea what he wants, and i don't care. i walk in and big boss is at the door, "jasin, please reconsider. we'll work around your schedule, just please don't quit. we seriously need you, we're too badly understaffed. theres nobody else in your department. i'll change your schedule now, sir". jackpot. i called their bluff and now i have them begging me to come back. as far as i know for the rest of the month my schedule is fixed. they've reduced my hours like i asked and gave me the morning shifts again. management has also been extra friendly to me lately. feels good man. long time lurker, first time poster. anyway, when i was in highschool i worked as a junior mechanic at a small garage in southern maine. one day we had a guy call in and tell us he needed his clutch replaced. (i'll call him screwguy). i was like "no problem, man. bring the car in at three and we'll get it done right quick". so the guy brings his car in, and we start to raise it up on the lift. my boss looks at the undercarriage of the car and lets out this long whistle. turns out screwguy had (in his attempt to replace the clutch himself) removed literally every bolt and screw from the underside of his car. every. single. one. after digging around for about 5 minutes we determined that screwguy had ruined his transmission with his overzealous bolt removal. when i break the news to him he goes dead pale. he just stares at me for a minute and then says "my wife told me i was gonna break something... she's never gonna let me live this down". i tell him the it's gonna cost about $900 to replace both the transmission and the clutch, and it's like a switch is flicked inside his head. "$900, eh? i can do that... yeah, that'll be fine. i'm gonna pay for all the work right now, in cash". i'm just staring at screwguy as he paces back and forth, gears in his head spinning like crazy. suddenly he stops, and turns to me. "don't tell my wife". he says looking me dead in the eyes. i just stare at him for a second before saying "sure thing, man". he shakes my hand as vigorously as is humanly possible before running, actually running, to the front of the store to pay for the work. when screwguy and his wife come back later to pick up the car, he looks at his wife, then the car, and then he gives me this long slow wink. like he's the smoothest criminal of all time. i almost spit my coffee half way across the room. anyway, he got his car, drove off, and lived happily ever after. not exactly a "tale from retail", but i thought you guys might enjoy it. edit: the guy brought in a clutch kit that he had purchased from another garage. which is why the work was $900 instead of $1300. sorry for any confusion or raised hopes of super cheap clutch/transmission replacements. haha.me: good morning parts warehouse phone guy: hi, i'm looking for a belt me: sure, what are the measurements pg: i don't know, manager knows though me: i'm sorry he's busy at the moment. pg: well i'll wait. so i put him on hold and wait for manager to finish up. me: hey, i have pg on the phone and he says you know the measurements for his belt? manager: i have no idea who that is. me: hey pg, manager doesn't know them. pg: well i know the serial number on my tractor. me: i don't have a cross reference to look that up. pg: well it's a briggs and stratton belt. me: i can't look anything up that way either, i really need the measurements for it because we make our own. we don't carry oem numbers. pg: well just look but part number 123456789 me: i can't, that's not one of our part numbers and i can't cross over on belts. pg: well type it into your magic internet and look it up. me: i just did and nothing comes up. pg: well baby, i guess you need to put me through to manager. i put him on hold. me: manager, pg wants to talk to you. any he called me baby. manager picks up the phone: stop sexually harassing my employees. what do you need... i don't have it. and hangs up. walks away and doesn't say another word about it.when i was 16 i had a job at red-roofed pizza place. our particular store only did dine in and carry out, no delivery. people working on the floor were allowed to wear any kind of black long pants they wanted with their (ridiculously oversized) work shirt. when i say ridiculously oversized, i mean their small fit me like any other shirt would if it was sized xl-xxl. so i almost always wore black skinny jeans to not feel like i was drowning in clothing. i was a hostess/waitress and i had only been working there about a month when this story happened. we were never busy and it was a good day if i took home more than $12 at the end of my shift. on a particularly slow day, a young boy about my age and an older man (his father?) came in and were seated in my section. the old man was creepy from the start. the first thing he did was interrupt my mandated welcome speech with "you could say anything out that pretty mouth and i'd buy it ;)" ummmmm... ok? "here are our specials i'll leave you to decide" so i quickly scuttled away and waited for them to flag me so i could take their order. that went without incident as i think the boy reprimanded his father. he was staring at him intensely the whole time i was there. i brought out their food and the father knocked down his fork. ok, no problem i'll just grab that for you and get you another. as i bend down he whistles and as i'm starting to walk away he says "mmmmm, it's nice they let you wear those little skinny pants... keepin it tight for us, huh baby girl?" y'all. i have been the subject of creeping before. i have been literally chased in the mall. but i never expected someone so much older to be so lewd and disgusting at my place of work. it was not ok. i didn't know what to do so i froze and walk-ran away. i told my manager (she was the scum of the earth, worn from nearly 40 years managing this particular red-roofed pizza place), who just flat out ignored me. i brought them their check and made no eye contact nor did i talk to them. the last thing he said when i was leaving their table after bringing back their credit card was "oh wow, i think we broke her!" no asshat you didnt break me you disgusted me you sour ass wipe i hope your son told your wife and she's left you for someone who is capable of even an iota of respect for women!!! /rant **edit: ** i didn't think this would garner so much attention. i'm glad it was actually a really creepy thing and not just in my head. also, i didn't even think of the possibility of mental illness or a brain tumor, so i actually feel a little better. the "chased around the mall" story has been asked about a little bit, so i'll post it separately now.sorry in advance for formatting, i'm on my phone. i work in a popular asian market in a trendy area that tends to somehow cater to middle aged white ladies who want to buy "asian inspired" trinkets and ingredients to look more cultured. because of this everything is a lot more like a grocery store you'd find in the us and it's heavily aimed at our caucasian customer base short of the actual products we sell. but hey, it's a good job. this takes place months ago. we have a strict policy when it comes to cash back. customers must write their initials near the cash back amount in the receipt after receiving their money. this way we make sure they got their cash, and if they come back complaining they didn't get it we can look at the receipt and see if they initialed or not instead of recounting tills in the middle of the day. seems simple enough, right? not to this paranoid customer, who will be called pc. pc comes through my line, we exchange greetings, everything is normal and easy. i bag his groceries and tell him his total. he uses debit and requests cash back, no biggie. i print the receipt and hand him his cash, place the receipt on the counter and hand him a pen, giving my usual spiel: &gt;me: ... and if you could please initial your receipt anywhere around here. *circles cash back amount on receipt* &gt;pc: *with sudden, unexplained anger* no! &gt;me: uhh, what? *thinking he maybe misheard me i repeat myself* could you please initial your receipt for cash back? &gt;pc: i'm not doing that! i'm not legally required to give you my information! &gt;me: uhh, don't worry. you'll keep the receipt, i just need you to initial it so i know you got the money. &gt;pc: nope, i'm not signing anything. *reaches for receipt* &gt;me: *pulls it away* sorry, then you're not getting your receipt. at this point the customers next in line are paying attention to our ridiculous argument. i feel a little like a parent trying to get a kid to behave in public &gt;me: *lays receipt back on counter, points to where i circled earlier* please, just initial here and you can keep the receipt. to that pc quickly snatched the paper from my hands, barked out a frustrated "no!" and rushed out the door as quickly as possible. i shouted some weak comment from my register about it being against policy as he walked out, but it fell short. oh well. he never came back saying he didn't have the cash, so i guess it all worked out. he can peacefully have his receipt knowing that he didn't have to give me his valuable information by initialing it and then taking it with him?at my store, we had those 30" high by 4" thick steel pylons to prevent people driving vehicles into the storefront. what they don't realize is that those things are sunk about four feet into the ground, and are filled with concrete, as well as surrounded by concrete. i think we had about eight of them, and they're painted bright yellow of course. well, early one sunday morning, some fucknut decided that he was going to back his truck into the store at speed and steal a bunch of shit. we were closed on sundays, so nobody noticed, because he didn't even manage to set off the glass sensors. monday morning, cue hilarity! i walk up and see that one of the pylons is bent pretty bad, clock in, and see that all the managers are there laughing about something. i go to see what's so funny, and am treated to this on video. guy pulls into the parking lot, lines up his truck, and floors it backwards toward the store. he centerpunches one of the pylons and his truck is popped up, stopped and caught by it. he can't get away! fucked part is he had a toolbox and managed to take his bumper off, throw it in the bed of his truck, get his truck off the pylon, and vacate before a patrol car came around. it took him an hour and a half. never caught him, but that video was hilarious.hey tfr! i worked at a well known pet supply chain, and this is one of the few good stories that i have to tell. so, one of our regular customers was an elderly lady, who happened to be the mother of a severely autistic young man, we'll call him johnny. johnny was well known in the store for having meltdowns, where he would just sit down on the floor, curl up into a tight ball, and refuse to move. he never got violent, he just sat, and sometimes cried. i loved johnny. he was the sweetest thing, and his mother was always so kind. on this particular day, i was working customer service, so i was running around, doing price checks, carry outs, etc. i was standing at the front, waiting on a woman (nl for nice lady) to finish paying so that i could help her out to her car. enter johnny and his mom. they walk through our first set of sliding doors, no problem, but johnny is a little distracted by this dvd he has in his hands. he then proceeds to sit down in the middle of our second set of sliding doors, blocking the way. his mom is doing everything she can to move johnny, but he just won't budge! he is so enthralled by the dvd in his hands that he has completely shut down to everyone. i see johnny doing this, and i also see the massive line of people trying to get out the front door, but with a cart there is just no way around him. i politely tell nl that i will help her carry out her groceries, if she will give me just a minute to handle the situation. she smiles politely and says no problem, so i head over to the doors. i sat down next to johnny, and i got tons of death glares from the angry pet parents trying so desperately to leave the store. **me**- hey johnny! whatcha got there? is that a new dvd? **johnny**- i love lucy! **me**- oh my gosh! i love lucy too! did your mom buy you that new i love lucy movie? **johnny**- mhm. i love lucy. **me**- you know what? so do i. but hey! i have some awesome news for you! johnny just kind of stared at the dvd packaging. **me**- we got some new cats in the adoption center! why don't you ask your mom if you can go look at them? they are super cute, and one of them will even lick your hand! at this point, johnny's face absolutely lights up, and he got the biggest smile on his face. he didn't say anything, but he just hopped up and ran over to his mom, who in turn gave me the biggest, most exhausted smile i have ever seen. she nodded her head in thanks, then went about her shopping, with a happy johnny in tow. nl, apparently, had watched the whole situation go down. as i was helping her out to her car, she couldn't stop commending me for how i handled the situation. after i finished unloading her groceries, she tried to tip me $5! i was so surprised that i almost started crying, but i just told her very politely that i couldn't accept tips, but thank you so much for the kindness. that was the best day i think i might have ever had, working at that stupid pet store. edit- oh my gosh! thank you guys!! and thank you person who gave me gold! i gots the fuzzies in my tummy from all your guys responses! i've only had this happen twice in the three years i've worked in fast food, yesterday and a couple months back. basically, one customer asked if he could pay for the car behind him at drive through. assuming he knew the next customer, i agreed and thought nothing of it. when the next car got to the window, the woman attempted to pay, so i explained to her that the car in front of her already had. she was confused, asking who they were or why they had done it. realizing that it wasn't someone she knew, i explained how once in a great while, someone will come through and offer to pay for the person behind them as a nice gesture. the woman looked like she was about to cry, she had the biggest smile on her face. after gushing over 'what a great person' they were for a bit, she asked if she could do the same for the car behind her. the 'pay it forward' line lasted for the rest of the cars in drive through, about 9 people payed for the person behind them. some of the orders were double the price of theirs, yet no one hesitated to pay it. it made he rest of my night, just wanted to share with you guys :) edit: for those of you asking, the 9th car was the last in line, so he had no one to pay for. before paying he actually offered, but glanced behind him and realized no one was there. he goes, "well. i guess i win, then!" thought it was funny :)up until recently, i worked at a fairly small garden/floral/gift store in minnesota. there are 7 of these stores, all of which are in minnesota. now i had been working at this store for about 4 years, so i know the ropes around this place. when we are short staffed, or no manager can be found, i act as supervisor/manager. this story was actually one of the reasons i left my job there, straw that broke the camel's back or what have you. it was a sunday, about a week or so ago. here in mn, it was gross out: hot, muggy, humid. gross. i was working the customer service and information desks, it was a little more than an hour and a half before we close, so i was tidying up the areas, and just keeping busy since there was really nothing else to do. i hear the door open, and look over. a lady had walked in, and boy did she look upset. she marches over to me, and i prepare for the worst. she begins to inform me that she has been sitting in the parking lot for 30 minutes, waiting. i question her as to what she was waiting for. lady:"some bimbo left her goddamn dogs in her car" she shouts this, probably hoping to get the person's attention. i have her take me outside and show me. sure enough, 2 chihuahuas are in a black car on this 90+ degree and humid as fuck day, windows up, no water visable. i walkie the one manager working today, with no reply. i bring the lady inside, and have her sit in the office while i flag our stock guy down and call the police. our stock boy comes up in a hurry as i am giving our address to the police, i hand him a hammer, and tell him to wait for my word to break the window. i hang up with the police, get on the overhead and ask for the owner of the car to come to customer service. i wait 2 minutes before getting on my walkie to say "-manager-, -stock- is breaking the customers window, police are on their way" seconds after i walkie this, i see a lady and my manager running up to my counter. bimbo:"that is my f---ing car, dont you f---ing dare break my window" -stock- walks in with the two dogs bimbo:"why the he-- does he have my f---ing dogs? there was water in my car, they were fine. you had no right to break my window, i am going to sue you. you are so sstupid, you have no idea who you are dealing with. i am going to call -store owner- and tell him about this personally. he will be so angry when he finds out what you did to my car. you are going to be so fired. i will make sure you never work again. do you hear me?! are you retarded?!" about half way through her screaming at me, i had raised my eyebrows and gave a look to my manager. my manager says nothing. bimbo:"do you really think you are allowed to just do that? that’s illegal. i will send you to jail." i give my manager one last look. me:"its 90 degrees outside, it is hotter in your car. those dogs are tiny, and water isn't good enough" bimbo:"they are my dogs, i can leave them in my car if i f---ing want to. who are you to tell me any thing. you are just some stupid highschool drop out i bet, having to work here the rest of your life" manager still sits and says nothing me:"well, good new, they aren't your f---ing dogs anymore. want to sue me for the cost of the window? do it, please, i want to see the look on a judge's face when you tell her why i broke your window. we allow dogs in our store, why were you too lazy to bring them in? how would you feel when you went back out to your car and they were dead because you were to stupid to leave them at home" manager and bimbo stare at me blankly. me:"the police are on their way" bimbo:"....well i am just going to take my dogs and go. like they can find me" me:"do you really think i am seriously going to let you take those dogs? go ahead and leave, you have a f---ing busted out window, and the police have your license plate number, not going to be to hard to find you" bimbo:"what?! why would you do that?!" me:"i gave you a chance to come up. maybe if you didn't want me to call the police, you shouldn't have left your dogs in your car" bimbo rushes out. manager:"....that was my cousin.." me:"nice...very nice. thank you for standing up for me by the by" manager:"...you know i have to write you up for swearing at her, right?" me:"have fun telling -main store manager- that he has to find a new cashier that is willing to do as much, for as little as i do~" the main store manager, and our loss prevention guy both called me later that night profusely apologizing. edit: holy shit everyone! i posted this right before leaving work(my lappie is broken, and my work is the only computer i really can use). i came into work in a bad mood, and saw this and it made my morning! 2nd edit, holy shit, comment of the day? i love all of you, thank you so much! [part 1]( since the wonderful folks in this sub warned me against making the cake itself half chocolate, i decided to make the little girl a free chocolate cupcake instead. however, this posed new problems: how to give it to the little girl without making it seem like charity, plus how to decrease the chances of the mom throwing the cupcake out. if i just coincidentally had a chocolate cupcake made specially for the little girl, it would be suspicious. so i made two cupcakes: one chocolate, one vanilla, under the guise that we just keep a bunch of single cupcakes made for birthday kids (we don't.) fast forward to this morning. mom and kiddo walk in around 8:15. the little girl is absolutely beaming from ear to ear but completely well-behaved. i bring their cake out and get an unenthusiastic response from mom (my decorating skills are top notch, lady), but as soon as the little girl saw her cake she gave a little shout/giggle and clapped her hands, as kids do. mom takes the cake and the moment of truth begins. &gt;me: hold on, is this the birthday girl? &gt;\*little girl giggles and nods* &gt;me: oh, well then let me get your cupcake! all the birthday kids get a special cupcake if they come in to pick up their cake. &gt;\*i duck into the back and grab the two cupcakes* &gt;me: would you like chocolate or vanilla? &gt;little girl: chocolate please! \*takes cupcake* thank you!! &gt;mom: i'll hold onto that. you can have it with your dinner; it's too early for cake. let's go. i've probably set myself up for this lady coming in a year from now expecting another free cupcake for her kid, but for now....success!i think most grocery stores have some sort of loyalty system. discounts, $10 off, $20 off, extra points if you spend over $100, that kind of thing. our store also has its own line of mastercards, with the loyalty system being a major drive (it's a credit card, and a loyalty card). you sign up for one of the credit cards, you get $50 off your grocery bill. seems straightforward, yeah? well... no. a japanese couple (jc) come to my register with a cart of groceries, and they're waving one of these mastercard coupons in my face. their bill came up at $54, they were expecting to only pay $4. i ask them for their card... and they pull out their regular loyalty card. oh boy. me: "okay, you need the mastercard for this to work for you. *-points at the card on the coupon-* do you have the card?" they wave their regular card at me. okay... a language barrier. i normally *hate* talking to foreign people like they don't understand, but it's clear jc has no clue what i'm on about. they back and forth speak japanese to each other, and keep pointing at the coupon. i repeatedly tell them it won't work without the mastercard, and point at the card. they start yelling at me in japanese, but i don't budge. me: "sorry, you don't have the card, so you can't get $50 off." jc: "no??" me: "no, sorry." they don't have $54. they have $50. they can't afford the groceries, so i offer to take something off for them. they're not having any of that. the husband grabs the cart, comes around to my side of the register, and shoves it at me full speed, and then grabs the 30lb bag of rice and throws that at me. he then slams the coupon down on the counter and yells full blast in japanese. it was a knee-jerk reaction, but i managed to shove him back and scream, "no!! get out!" and pointed at the door. i always get antsy when anyone apart from children come around to my side of the register, and this is partly why. kids mostly just want their candy early, or they want to scan something, which i'm fine with. adults, though? no. my space. jc: *-yelling in japanese-* me: get out! now!! out! go! g and s, the managers on duty, came running, and the customers were eventually told to get out, and were banned. the managers made it perfectly clear to them what the consequences would be if they ever came back. i'm alright. i managed to catch the bag, but when i dropped it, it split... 30lbs of rice everywhere on the fucking floor. the worst i'll have is bruises from where the cart hit me. the managers sided with me, and realized i screamed because i was *scared.* incident reports done, but honestly, i don't think anything else will be done apart from an indefinite ban. i'm all for foreigners, but make an attempt to learn basic english, if not for your sake, for the citizens' sake. jesus. **tl;dr: language barrier ended violently. my throat's still sore from screaming.**i've been working at a small local skate shop for about a month now. today, a woman came in asking if we carried sweatshirts (we do, and they were right in front of her). i pointed them out and helped her pick out a color she liked. when she was done looking around, i went to the register to ring her up. she paid with a card, and tried to swipe it on the chip-reading pin pad we keep on the counter. "i'm sorry," i said, "since you don't have a chip card, i'm going to have to slide your card myself." unbothered, she handed over her card; i swiped it, handed it back, and asked her to sign our clover register screen. she was utterly confused by the screen, which most people know to sign with their finger. "do you have a pen?" she asked, while attempting to sign with the corner of her credit card. then, she stopped, mumbled something about credit card fraud, and announced she'd like to pay with cash. by this point, her card had already gone through, but since she refused to sign, i couldn't complete the transaction. solving this was a bit difficult, and i had to call over my boss. he was forced to print a receipt for the transaction, then go back, issue a refund, and print another receipt. he became visibly frustrated when the woman insisted we'd charged her twice; "i have two receipts. you charged me twice." "no, ma'am," said my boss, "one receipt is for the items you bought. the other shows that we refunded you for them." after about five more minutes of explaining that she hadn't been charged twice for her damn things, the woman pushed her bag back over the counter, folded her arms, and said, "you know what? i don't want this after all. this is too much of a hassle," then hurried out in a huff. **background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** a couple of weeks ago, i traveled 1300 miles up to pittsburg, kansas for the world class fireworks demo. for those of you not familiar with pittsburg kansas, and god knows none of you should be, it's a little speck of a town that’s in the middle of nowhere, about 130 miles from kansas city missouri, with a population of around 15,000 people. i guess the thought was, if you're going to have a massive warehouse that’s full of explosives, you should probably put it in the middle of nowhere. they succeeded. they’re also smart enough to know that if you’re going to host a fireworks demo in the middle of nowhere, you should have plenty of food and a fully stocked open bar. my so and i spent three days of eating well, sampling cocktails, watching fireworks being set off, and reviewing the new 2014 product line. even better, i got to write the entire thing off as a legitimate business trip. more proof that i may have stumbled upon the greatest business venture ever. i’ve included a few photos of the warehouse and product showcase [here]( friday night, we met my sales rep, had dinner and drinks, then attended a demo of their import only product line. these are items that must be imported directly from china by the container, and are not available domestically wholesale, also known as “the good stuff.” after two hours of fireworks, and a few properly chilled adult beverages, my wounded credit card and i made our escape. on saturday, my so wanted to do a little shopping, so we headed to the mall. apparently, “mall” is a relative term. there was a jcpenney, a theater, maybe a dozen other small stores, and a mexican restaurant. the shopping expedition was over pretty quickly, and i’ll admit, we were definitely making fun of their “mall”, until we discovered the $1.25 margarita happy hour at the mexican restaurant. about an hour later, or 5 to 6 margaritas, depending on how you keep time, the so decides that she is going to get a pedicure at the nail salon in the mall, and that i should join her. i had a discussion with jose cuervo, and we decided that it was a wonderful idea. based on the looks i received from people walking by the salon, i’m relatively sure that i may be the first man in history to receive a pedicure in pittsburg, kansas. i’ve got news for anyone who’s never had a pedicure, it’s fantastic! first, they sit you down in this oversized massage chair that does magical things. the remote control looks like something from the bridge of the enterprise, and this chair kneads, pulsates, and massages you in ways i’d have to use the [nsfw] label to describe. i now know why women smile the way they do when they get a pedicure. as if the chair wasn’t enough, add to that the asian lady massaging my legs and feet for half an hour. i have no idea how much one of those chairs cost, but if my so ever leaves me, i’m buying myself one to replace her. after our afternoon delight, we made it back to the warehouse and tradeshow to finish setting my credit card on fire. i wanted to buy the 28’ inflatable dinosaur to put in my backyard, reasoning that it would keep the squirrels and birds off of my pool screen, but my so wisely shot me down, arguing that she was pretty sure my home owners association would have a problem with it. i did manage to stock up on plenty of new signs, banners, and other related items. by the time the saturday night fireworks demo rolled around, there were well over 1000 people there to watch the show. i saw some amazing new items that will definitely be on my shelf this year. you know it’s a great firework when my comment next to the item on my demo sheet just reads “holy shit”. sunday, we packed it all up, drove another 2.5 hours through nothingness to get to kansas city, and happily flew back to sunny orlando. another demo done, and another credit card maxed out. a side note about pittsburg, kansas. there is a starbucks coffee there. only one location, but thankfully it was only a few blocks from our hotel. out of all of the starbucks that i’ve visited across the us, those guys rocked it. their drive through line moved faster than a nascar pit stop. to the starbucks staff, i say thank you, thank you, thank you, for keeping me going through a long weekend of late nights, early mornings, and my friends mr. morgan and mr. cuervo. ---- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](so i was at a bookstore today kinda dosing off in a long line when suddenly i hear from the front of the line "you corrupted my son!". i along with main others look at the front of the line and there's a woman with large hair with a tone that screams "head of the pta" holding up a book. gantz volume 1 of all books. for those of you who don't know, gantz is an action manga which is quite well-done and highly recommended. however, it's got sex and violence galore, and has a mature (17+) rating on the back. "this lady sold pornography to my ten year old son!" "i wasn't the one who sold that to you, ma'am." the young lady says. "could you describe the person who sold it to you?" she describes the person, it hits a march and the lady calls over who we'll call keisha. keisha was a tall black woman who from the look on her face was not in the mood for this shit. "ma'am, i remember, he came in here with his father maybe two weeks ago looking for a book and grabbed that one. i tried to warn him it said on the back m for mature but he was ignoring me." keisha says. "he has hearing problems!" the woman shoots back. "i demand you refund me this book!" "okay, i'll just need to see a receipt." "what?" "store policy mandates a receipt for each refund." "well i don't have that receipt it's probably with his dad." "then i can't refund this." "why would you even sell something like this?" (note: this is missouri, not utah.) "it's one of our most popular comics." keisha says. "we sell it for people who are mature enough to handle it." the woman storms out of line, but not before throwing the book on the ground, stomping on it, grabbing it again and going to her car. keisha exits, laughing her ass off. when i finally reach my turn i've got a volume of gantz in my stack of things i'm buying. "please tell me your parents are okay with this." the young lady says. "yep." it was the truth too. i'm sixteen, i've been buying gantz volumes since i was thirteen, dad watched the tv series with me when i was eleven. so i leave with my purchases and find the crazy lady is still out there, now in a large open space next to a vacant building next door trying to run over the book with her suv. i lost it and laughed all the way home. **tl;dr; it's your fault my husband can't listen, i'm now going to abuse this book. that'll teach it. yeah. fuck you book.**working the till at my c-store gas station and this older lady comes up and i do the usual chit chat. turns out it was her first time in the doors ever! (usually just got gas). offered her a free fountain drink of her choice, any size, and she said she was good. people just don't want free stuff anymore i guess! anyway she asked for "one powerball ticket please!". i look her dead in the eye. **me:** *"ma'am. sorry to say this, but i already bought the 300 million winning ticket this morning. don't worry though, i'll buy you a new car though for being so nice."* funny one-liner i've occasionally used throughout my 4 years in retail. sometimes when two people buy lottery at the same time, i jokingly say "well he was the winning ticket!" harmful fun. corporate believes in being personable. not the "hello, goodbye." well.... i then proceeded to get my ass chewed out by her. **her:** *"do you stay up at night thinking of rude things to say to people?"* and it went on and on, i blocked most of it out, but she rambled out a few things. then, gold! **her:** *you and me come from different generations boy. my generation was all about respecting their elders and not mouthing off. it just shows the generational divide between us."* ([i was told]( that this should be something i should post here.) when i was a teenager back in the 1980s, i worked at a department store (an old famous one familiar to canadian readers) as one of those annoying "would you like a store credit card?" people who used to walk the aisles (but not the carpeted areas, as that was off limits). one day during the week i had the job (fired for not doing it well), i spotted a gentleman walking through the men's clothing section who was always looking at the ceiling. specifically, he seemed to be looking at the security cameras. he disappeared behind a post where the socks/underwear were sold, and came out with his jacket buttoned all the way up. he was still glancing around. i immediately walked over to the security guard nearby and said that i saw someone that looked like they were shoplifting. as i was explaining what i saw, i could see the gentleman heading towards the exit to the rest of the mall. i said "that's the guy! he's got the stuff under his jacket." the security guard didn't see him, but got on his walkie-talkie and said something like "suspect is heading towards exit b". suddenly, the shoplifter started walking faster towards the exit, as did the security guard. they both arrived at about the same time, and then stopped. the security guard turned to me and said "what does he look like? is he still in here?" i said "that's the guy right there!" the "shoplifter" then took out his earpiece that was connected to his walkie-talkie and said "who? what guy?" yup. i had been watching an undercover security guard the entire time. when they figured out what happened, they both laughed pretty hard. they (legitimately) thanked me for "helping" them, and said not to worry about it.just found this sub and read pages and pages of stories that brought me back. my tour of duty was with two major big box stores and all my time was spent in lp. i never really had to deal with customers, for the most part, unless they were stealing or injured. i always wore plain clothes, so customers didn't know who i was, but i can still relate with most of the stories on here. these are the most memorable moments i can think of off the top of my head: - for about six to eight months we had someone that would come in and shit on the sales floor, wipe their ass with merchandise and vanish. we had no idea who was doing it because it was happening all over the store. we eventually referred to the person as "the shitter." every other week an associate or customers would randomly find a massive pile of shit on the sales floor. we would try to review the surveillance footage, but were never able to determine who did it. the sales floor never had a clue because they never left the register bays. i felt so bad for our housekeeping staff because they were the ones that had to clean it up. i'm pretty sure one of them quit because they were tired of it. one day, i'm walking the sales floor, when i observed this guy looking very suspicious. i figured he was going to shoplift, so i slowly made my way over towards him. all of a sudden he ducks down behind a rounder, so i figured he was concealing merchandise. i walked around for a better vantage point, when i saw this dude just straight shitting on the sales floor. i immediately screamed out "this guy is fucking shitting on the sales floor!!!!!" all the customers and associates in the area immediately look over. in the course of pulling his pants up, in mid-shit, he managed to shit all over himself as he was pulling them up (i will never be able to shake that from my memory). he just grabs a hold of his pants, which he didn't even have time to button and makes a break for the doors. he's running into everything and knocking fixtures over. i following him out the door and yell at him never to come back. and that was the end of "the shitter" saga. - we were watching this teenage boy alone in the lingerie department feeling up the mannequins. he literally groped every single one and then darted towards the bathroom. the other lp agent that i was working with (who was fairly new) says "i'm gonna go see what he's doing in there!" and bolts out of the camera room. i knew damn well what was happening in the bathroom. i'm sitting on the camera and i see the kid scurry out of the bathroom area and book it out the mall entrance. the lp agent says he's going the check the bathroom, which was fairly large, so i start making my way up there. as i am going up the escalator, he yells over the radio "he jerked off in the handicapped bathroom!" i was instantly heartbroken because that was my favorite stall to use. it was tucked away in the back and it was my little sanctuary when i wanted to get away for a while. i had to see the carnage for myself and walked in. there was semen everywhere, on the toilet, in the sink. it was a massacre. i never used that stall again. - our store was notorious for “grab and runners” (vehicle would pull up to the door, people would pile out of the car, run in, grab as much merchandise as they could near the entrance, run out and get in the car). one day another agent is coming into the lp office and says “there’s some crack head near the door that looks like she’s going to do a grab and run” sure enough, we pull up the cameras and see her grab two arm loads of designer brand handbags and start making her way towards the doors. our office door was right next to the entrance where she was standing, so we’re piled up behind the door as i’m watching through the peephole. as soon as she hits the doors we go out after her. we instantly grab her in the vestibule and the fight is on. it must have looked like the tasmanian devil just spinning around in there with limbs and handbags flying everywhere. of course, everyone just stood around and watched as we fought with her. all of a sudden, i feel my pant leg is wet, so i look down and see she’s pissed herself and its on me and the other agent. with everything i had, we got her handcuffed, threw her into the office and hauled ass into the men’s department. we start frantically grabbing whatever clothes we could get our hands on and ran into the bathroom to wash ourselves off and change. turns out that the clothes that we wore had to be damaged out, since we obviously could wear our piss-soaked clothes, were more expensive than the handbags, so the company ended up losing money on that one. lol, i just noticed my first three stories all had to do with bodily functions. - we had a girl shoplifting inside the fitting room, so our female agent was in there waiting to check the stall when she came out to see what was missing. the girl exited the store, so i followed behind her. the female agent was taking forever to get back to me and the girl was displaying nervous indicators, so i took a gamble and stopped her before i had confirmed with the agent that she stole. as soon as i id’d myself, she took off running through the parking lot and the chase was on! i’m yelling on the radio telling the agent that i’m chasing her on foot to get her ass out of the store. i literally chased this girl halfway around the outside of the mall. as we’re running, i see there’s a car parked in the middle of the street and she’s running right for it. she gets up to the passenger side of the vehicle, so i block the door instead of grabbing her, because i thought she was going to get in the car. she bolts away from the car and i tackle her in a last ditch effort. i just get her handcuffed, when i look over at the car and see the driver has gotten out of the car and is walking towards me holding a gun. i jump right off of her, start to back away and say “you can have the bitch.” the guy doesn’t say a word, gets back in his car and leaves. at this time, my “backup” finally gets there. i pass the shoplifter off to them and we start walking back to the store. as we get to the store, i tell the rest of the staff that i am going to stay outside for a minute to catch my breath. next thing i know, i opened my eyes inside an ambulance. apparently, i passed out on the sidewalk and some customers called 911. i get to the hospital and all the cops that i know are coming in to check on me. all of a sudden, one of the cops says “i think your girl is faking it.” i was like huh??? he goes “yeah, the shoplifter” and points across the emergency room. come to find out, when they took the shoplifter inside the store she passed out as well and they had to call another ambulance for her. i look over and there she is laying in a bed right across from me. we started yelling obscenities back and forth to each other and they had to move her to the opposite side of the er. here’s some other random stuff that i’ll just get right to the point of because i’m getting pretty tired of typing: - i had two customers that died on the sales floor while waiting on their wives, who were shopping inside the store. what a miserable way to go. [heart attacks] - i once fought a transvestite that had a razor blade in his/her mouth and tried to spray us with bear mace. - i can’t count the number of times i saw parents take their babies in a stroller on escalators and the strollers have gone tumbling down the escalator. seriously, fuck you if you take your kid in a stroller on the escalator. - don’t ever pick up a pile of clothes off the fitting room floor because chances are someone has pissed on them. - people fuck in fitting rooms a lot. - the women’s bathrooms are wayyyy more disgusting than the men’s bathroom. i can’t tell you the number of times i saw diarrhea sprayed all over the toilet, walls and floors in the women’s bathroom when we’re checking for customers at the end of the night. not to mention all the bloody toilet seats, bloody and/or shitty underware left behind and tampons just thrown about. fucking gross. - i’ll never forget there was a report of a fire on the second floor, so we all booked it towards the area where the fire was. i was running past a certain cosmetic line counter and there was this girl that i was absolutely in love with when all of a sudden i tripped, fell and landed right at her feet hard as hell. i had my radio in my hand and used that to break my fall. the radio exploded when it hit the floor and shattered into a million pieces. i never walked by her again. i never let a sales associate get verbally abused by a customer and was quick to kick customers out of the store if they started to get loud with an employee. i’m sure there’s tons more stories that i can’t think of right now. i’ve been out since 2012 and have yet to step foot back inside a mall for any reason. it’s a nice feeling to be able to look forward to holidays now instead of dreading them. keep fighting the good fight and don’t take shit from anyone, literally! tl:dr fuck retail**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it’s 2400 square feet of fireworks heaven, where the party, and the insanity, climax at midnight on the 4th of july and new years eve. **story:** as usual, it was a madhouse at my store on new year’s eve. the morning started kind of slow, but by noon, we were packed, and having trouble just keeping the shelves stocked. one of my employees flagged me down and pointed out some guys that wanted to speak with the manger. i made my way over to them and happily asked how i could be of assistance. the trio was obviously looking for a deal. i’ve got no problem with that. in fact, the wheeling and dealing can be one of the things i enjoy most. i started showing them around and fielding their questions. i even greased the wheel by handing each of them a discount card for a buy 1 get 2 free special on a single item up to $50. as we talked, i found out that they had already purchased fireworks from another store the day before, but they had blown them off and were looking to resupply. it didn’t take long before they were complaining about my prices, claiming that they could get the same stuff from another store much cheaper. they were pointing out specific products and telling me how much less they’d paid for the exact same item yesterday, and how i was just ripping people off. one of the guys kept pointing to random items and saying, “junk”. i understand wanting to get a deal, but being an ass or being nasty is pretty much just going to piss me off. now i make sure that i carry the absolute best fireworks, and i try hard to price them lower than what my competitors charge for their mediocre offerings. we even have a price guarantee, with signs posted that we’ll beat any competitor’s retail price on the same item by 5%. i’m very confident in my prices, and these three guys were getting to me. even worse, i was wondering if maybe a new place had popped up and was undercutting me to gain business. as i’m starting to worry about the potential for a price war with a new competitor, one of the guys points out a mortar pack and says, “we got this exact same pack of mortars from a place in deland for $39.95, and yours costs $59.95.” it was like christmas morning and my birthday all rolled into one. you see, i’m actually good friends with the owner of the company they were talking about. i know what he sells, i know what his prices are, and i now knew that the three guys were trying to scam me. **me:** well, that makes it easy. there’s only one fireworks company in deland, [other company name]. if they’re selling it for that, i’ll beat their price. give me one minute (pulling out my phone and dialing the owner’s number). **me:** (standing in front of the three guys) hey [fireworks buddy], it’s craig from [my company]. i’ve got three guys here that say they bought a 12 pack of boom boom mortars from your store yesterday for $39.95. i just wanted to call and verify that you selling them for that price. [listening to the phone] **me:** ohhhh, you don’t carry the 12 pack of boom boom mortars, you sell the 6 pack for $39.95. ok, that makes a lot more sense. they also said that they picked up an ammo crate finale from you yesterday for $100. [listening to the phone] **me:** ohhhh, you don’t actually carry the ammo crate finale. i didn’t think you did, but i wanted to make sure. [listening to the phone] **me:** no, just three assholes trying to scam me. thanks for the info. yell at you later. [hanging up the phone and looking at the three guys] **me:** it appears you were mistaken. he sells the 6 pack of mortars for $39.95, not the 12 pack. feel free to grab me if you have any more questions. i turned around and walked away from the three of them. surprisingly, they actually ended up staying and buying fireworks. ------- if you’re interested, i’ve posted a few other stories [here](**background:** i own and operate my own retail store. it's actually a seasonal fireworks tent, but not like any fireworks tent you've seen before. it's 2400 square foot of fireworks heaven. **story:** i got a phone call from a guy asking about our selection of fireworks. he said he and his friends were putting on a little show, and they were looking to pick up some good stuff. we have a lot of customers that do the same thing. they’ll get together with friends or have a block party, everyone will throw in some cash, and they’ll put on their own show. i explained how we had everything they needed, as well as videos of all the fireworks. the guy says thanks and hangs up. a few hours later, three guys in their early 30’s walked in and asked for me. they looked pretty ragged, with scraggly beards and camo pants, but then again, i’m selling explosives out of a tent in a parking lot. i started showing them videos of our stuff, and explained different effects and ways to put on a good show. one of the guys asked for paper and a pen, and would periodically scribble on the clipboard we gave him. this went on for at least an hour! i don't think the three of them combined said more than 50 words the entire time. afterward, one of them told me thank you, and they walked out the door. it was pretty slow that day, so guess it wasn’t really a waste of my time, but i was still a little weirded out by their behavior. **guess who walks back through the door an hour later…** i was actually helping someone else at the time, so my dad went to take care of them. it was like déjà vu. they spent another hour walking around, watching videos, then out the door again. **guess who walks back through the door an hour later…** i didn’t actually see them come in, but one of them walked past me carrying something in his hands while i was helping another customer. i’m trying to pay attention to the person i’m helping, but i can see these guys all walking around with their arms full, and i’m wondering what the hell is going on. i excuse myself and head to the front of the store. when i get to the front, i’m greeted by a replica of the great wall of china made entirely of fireworks. these guys are grabbing 2, sometimes 3 or 4 of each item, and recreating one of the great wonders of the world at the front of my store. i’m trying to help them, but i swear to god, these guys still aren’t saying 10 words to me. when the dust settles, my store looks like it’s been ransacked. i’m pretty sure they grabbed at least one or two of damn near everything i sell. i honestly had two different cashiers ring them up on two registers at the same time, just to get through the mountain of stuff. we swapped out multiple pieces with full cases where we could. the entire time, the trio is just standing around watching us ring it and box it. no small talk, no chatter. when i had to ask them a question, i’d get a one or two word reply. when we finished, i let them know that i appreciated their business, and since they had purchased so much, i was going to give them a substantial discount. to put it in perspective, the discount was more than $1000! no smile, no high five, no victory dance. just looked and me with a blank stare, said thanks, and paid in cash. the story should end there…but it doesn’t. one of the three leaves, and pulls around in an old cargo van. it has bucket seats for both the driver and the passenger, and a bench seat for the third guy. immediately i realize that there’s no way in hell they’re going to fit all of the fireworks in the van. i went to offer assistance, but they of course said no thanks. at this point, i think my entire staff was standing outside of the tent, watching the 3 of them play fireworks tetris. after about 15 minutes, i think they caught on that it wasn’t all going to fit. the solution…remove the bench seat. they asked if they could leave it and pick it up later, and i happily said yes. they finally get it loaded, and i mean this thing is stuffed to the gills. they had stacked the fireworks to the ceiling in back, but had actually left a little space between the fireworks and the roof just behind the two bucket seats. when they go to leave, all three of them climb in the van. the driver in the driver’s seat, the passenger in the passenger’s seat, and the third person **laying on top of the cases of fireworks**. as they drove away, my dad summed it up perfectly. **dad:** if they get into a car accident on the way home, the police aren’t going to find anything left of them bigger than a quarter. i've posted a few other stories [here]( if you're interested.i wish i would have called in work today. near the end of my shift my coworker came in and was asking me about signs for the garden shop where i was working today and noticed something in the parking lot asking if it was a person on the ground. i sprinted outside to find a woman who had collapsed and had a heart attack(?) laying face-up and not breathing. i was the first one out there and immediately ran inside and got an ambulance on the way. i sprinted back outside and blocked off the area while someone gave her cpr. started talking to the woman's granddaughter who was six years old off to the side while everyone did what they could to save the woman, who was unresponsive, not breathing, and according to them, had no heartbeat. i just kept her granddaughter occupied the entire talking to her about school and her siblings and what not. the look on the woman's face was bad enough; pale white with her eyes wide open, but the granddaughter got me the most when she asked if "mamaw was gonna be okay". eventually the granddaughter's mother arrived and picked her up and thanked me, then drove off to follow the ambulance once it left. they tried cpr again with an oxygen mask and also tried using a defibrillator but to no avail. the last 30 minutes of my shift were hard. i couldn't stop thinking about how the little six year old girl probably just witnessed her grandma, whom of which wasn't very old, die. i got home and told my parents about it but they seemed kind of.. disaffected about it. like it wasn't a big deal. i'm still not sure if i did the right thing or if there was more that i could do to help her. i'm currently stressed out and confused right now, it being finals week for my high school. i really don't know what to feel right now. **edit**: i would like to thank everyone for all of their reassuring words on this matter. i ended up going to bed extremely early and not being awake for when many of the messages and comments were sent, but i assure you i've read them all now (at 3am). your words mean more than you think. as for whoever gifted me gold (as i'm not able to see who.. damn mobile reddit apps), thank you as well. even through thousands of karma this is my first gold ever. *party noises go off*. ill be sure to use it all in preparation for a better mindset for the whole thing. which i may not have to try *too* hard, already being consoled by hundreds of you caring people. thank you all so much, really.so where i work, we have coupons out every week for x amount of a regular priced item or off your entire regular priced purchase. i had this trio of folks come in consisting of two ladies and a man. i'm helping one woman while my coworker is helping the couple. the woman i'm helping is cheap lady, the other is illiterate lady, and the man is smart man. so cl is trying to purchase a book and with every coupon it has the coupon fine print and restrictions which include copyright items like books, magazines, and dvds. the book is $13, and i immediately tell her the coupon won't apply to the book, so we have the following back and forth. me: the coupon will come off all your jewellery but not the book due to it being copyrighted. cl: what? where does it say that? i didn't see that on the sale sign either! (i went to the display after we closed and sure enough, it says it excludes the books.) *proceeds to point it out on the coupon.* il: what? that's dumb! who has time to sit there and read the fine print? that's ridiculous! me: well, just because people don't want to read it, doesn't mean it isn't there or isn't valid. at this point, i was irritable and was having some home issues that i took with me to work which i know isn't fair but bah! sm: well that makes sense! *takes out his card and pays for his transaction while il gives me the stink eye* cl: well then i don't want the book if i can't use a coupon on it! there's going to be a very sad little girl and it's all your fault. you're ruining her birthday. so i just shrug, take the book off and tell her the total. she scowls the entire time while taking out the cash and completely ignores my outstretched hand, placing it on the counter. i smile, get her change, and place it on the counter. she had manicure nails so she struggled to pick up the change. i put her receipt in the bag and wish them a good night! honestly, just because you don't read a binding agreement or the fine print doesn't make it invalid! during the summer months at my ice cream shop, i don't normally get to see my school-year regulars. today, i got to see one of my favorites, a mom and her daughter, come and get treats. mom is very friendly and chatty, and daughter is a well-behaved, pretty young lady. i genuinely enjoy having them in store. it had been at least a month since i'd seen them, and daughter had her hair cut in a short bob. &gt; me: hey, you cut your hair! i like it! &gt; &gt; daughter: thanks, i do too! &gt; &gt; mom: she donated her hair to cancer patients. *proud smile* while we were discussing the state of daughter's new hair, i was getting ready to ring up the next lady (gl). she had overheard the conversation about daughter's hair and was talking to them for a bit about it, too. i completed the transaction with gl and handed her the change. however, she gave me a $5 back. &gt; gl: use this to pay for that little girl's yogurt. &gt; &gt; me: thank you, ma'am, that's a generous thing you're doing! &gt; &gt; gl: she's the generous one. *wink* gl leaves and mom and daughter take a bit to get to the till. their total came to $5.17, so i rung up the $5 and told mom, "your total is 17 cents." she cheerfully opened her wallet, then confusion came over her and she said, "that's it? really?" i said, "a generous lady paid for your yogurt today, because she was moved by your daughter's choice to donate her hair to cancer patients." mom's jaw dropped. she looked at me, looked at her daughter, and then back at me. she said, "oh my gosh! i've got chills! god is shakin'!" she handed me her payment, and while i filtered the coins into the appropriate slots, she explained to her daughter (who didn't understand what happened) why they didn't have to pay for yogurt today. i've never seen such a proud or grateful customer. i've witnessed a couple customers paying for other people's yogurt, but this mom and daughter duo were the most thankful i've seen. of all the customers i've had come in, i'm glad that she and her daughter could benefit from the kindness of a stranger. edit: grammari was walking up to my place of employment a few minutes before we opened at 7 am. thus, the parking lot is usually pretty empty. i noticed a car coming my direction as i was walking into the crosswalk, but they had a stop sign and seemed far enough away, so i proceeded to cross to get into the building. i noticed that the car wasn't slowing down. they ran the stop sign, but i was able to get out of the way before they hit me. i'm on the sidewalk now, and the woman in the car stopped and rolled down her window. she yells out "hey, i was just trying to get your attention! where is the nearest [overpriced coffee chain]? i was told there is one in your plaza!" there are two of those not even a minute's drive down the street, and another three on campus. there is no sign for that shop in my little plaza's marquee. but really, i shouldn't expect that woman, who thinks attempted vehicular manslaughter is an appropriate attention-grabber, to consult a gps or a map. i work in photo lab/digital printing service. it means we print photographs, photo books, flyers, posters, cards etc. a man came in today and wanted to print "thank you"-cards. so first he needed to select if he wants them printed on photo paper or traditional postcard-like paper. i placed different papers in front of him so he could compare them. that was obviously too hard for him. "i just want these printed!" *waves an usb stick* "yes sir, i understand, but you need to select the material first." "how is it so fucking hard to just print these? no wonder all photo stores are going out of business! unbelievably horrible service!" for over ten minutes i tried to fish information out of him. like this? no. maybe a card like this? "i thought you were a professional you should know how can this be so hard". i showed him every single option we had and nothing pleased him. nooo nooo not like that just print it. then his ranting became louder and louder, disturbing other customers, so finally i gave up and told him either to leave or make up his mind and tell me what is it you want because honestly, i don't know? he stared at me and said, "you're a really shitty salesperson." and left. i'm so sorry that my employer doesn't provide us with mind-reading crystal balls. they would come in handy.i work as a customer service associate in a national drugstore. i'm also in a walking boot until i have an mri to determine the cause of my foot pain. this is relevant. a teenage girl came in to purchase some items. she also asked for cigarettes, so i asked for her id. girl:"i don't have it with me, but they're not for me, they're for my mom." two problems here: one, she doesn't have an id at all. two, she's purchasing for someone else, and by law, now that i know that, i can't sell them to her regardless of who they're for. i explain this. girl:"so basically, i can't buy any today." me:"no, sorry." a few minutes later, mom comes in, visibly irritated. mom:"i sent my daughter in to buy these for me, and she said you wouldn't sell them to her!" me:"she didn't have an id. i couldn't sell them to her." mom:"i could have sworn she had it. you should have just sold them to her since they were for me. i have foot problems and it hurts to walk." step into my web. me:"ma'am, it's illegal to sell to anyone if you ask for an id and they can't present one. i can lose my job. i also do understand your foot pain, as i'm currently in a boot myself. it's no fun." mom continued to look grumpy and didn't speak for the rest of the transaction. tl;dr: mom walked astoundingly normally for someone in foot pain, and no, i will not sell cigarettes to your teenage daughter. edit: damn, this blew up. one, i'm honored to have the quote of the day on tfr. love you guyz. also, a thing about the law in my state: one of the biggest things is that if a person of age is making an alcohol or tobacco purchase but you suspect it isn't for them (or, in this case, they outright state it isn't) you cannot sell the item to them. consequences consist of fines for the individual, the store, job loss, and a possible conviction *even if you are not aware that the person of age is buying for an underage individual*. i explain more in [this]( comment.about a week or so ago my fellow co-worker dropped this story on me. i'm sharing this on his behalf. he works the same place i work. a gas station kiosk. we both work separate because it's a one person kiosk. this is what happened. for context this customer was really.... dumb. employee: yes sir customer: i would like $x.xx in gas and i also want a fuel injector cleaner for my vehicle. employee: sorry sir we don't sell any injector cleaners other than what is sold through the pump. (we don't sell any fuel system cleaners because when you pay for gas the pump prompts you if you want to buy any. it's a contract that we have to sell that stuff so we don't sell other competitors cleaners in our oil cart. many customers understand this and many more do not and hate it because they want a certain brand or whatever) customer: well why not? i want x brand cleaner. employee: we only sell x brand at the pump he pays for his gas and turns around looks at our oil cart. proceeds to grab a bottle of our power steering fluid and walks to the pump (which his happens to be right in front of the kiosk. my co-worker didn't say anything because 1. he sees him and 9/10 customer just come back and pay after they use item. (we hate it but they come back and pay for it anyway rarely do we have to make customer pay for acting stupid thinking we won't say anything) 2. maybe he needed power steering fluid. who knows) so man goes to his pump and proceeds to pour that power steering fluid into his gas tank... at this time my co-worker was busy with a technician who was he to repair a broken pump. when he finally saw the customer putting the power steering fluid in his tank it was to late. he had already started. both my co-worker and tech are dumbfounded. employee: wow what a dumbass tech: you gonna tell him. employee: no. i told him we didn't sell fuel injector cleaner other than at the pump and he wants to be a idiot let him. tech: eh not my problem. the man finishes pumping gas and comes back to pay for his power steering fluid. customer: so much for you don't sell fuel injector cleaner. employee: excuse me?.... we don't i had told you we only see what is at the pump. you just poured power steering fluid into your gas tank. customer: (finally looks at bottle) well i'm not paying for it employee: the hell your not you used it. not in the correct way but you used it. it's gonna be $x.xx customer left without saying another word. but just amazing. i have yet to see him and so has my co-worker. but this was beyond me. customer thought the joke was on my co-worker for lying to him but it was on him for not reading the bottle he took and used.i had a rough day today. our cash register broke. after i fixed it, a mistype charged a customer $2920 instead of $29.20, only in the cash register, and not the credit card machine. so i spent a good thirty minutes voiding that transaction in the register. difficulty level: expert, because after a certain amount of money (around $2500) you're unable to cancel a transaction, and have to charge it through and void it etc etc. this is while also helping other customers in the store. it was busy, i wanted to lock myself in the bathroom and take a nap. the store i work at is literally filled to the brim with merch. we're packed. 85% of our clientele are repeat customers, i know their names and faces, they know my name and treat me like a human being. it's extremely pleasant, but extremely hectic and busy. anyway, this woman, who is a semi-regular, had come in and ordered probably $300 of monogrammed items for graduation presents, and on her way out her purse knocked into a ceramic pitcher, it fell over and shattered. our policy isn't necessarily "you break it, you buy it" since we're a mom and pop store, so it really depends on the customer. charging a customer for a broken item is completely discretionary on whoever's in charge that day, so usually up to me, since i've been at the store the longest of the current employees and the owner of the store took today off. so this woman knocks a pitcher over, it shatters on the floor. huge crash, hundreds of little bitty pieces. "oh my god, i'm so sorry!" she starts to pick up the broken pieces, i grab a broom and come over to sweep it up. "my bag must have bumped into it and knocked it over. i feel terrible, i'm so sorry." she says. "ma'am, with the amount of items we have in the store, it's bound to happen every so often. don't worry about it!" "i hope it wasn't expensive, how much do i owe y'all?" "nothing, ma'am! it was obviously an accident, and it's only around $30, so it's not that big of a deal." "really, let me pay for it." "ma'am, the fact that you're helping me clean it up is so refreshing that there is no way i'm going to charge you for this." "are you sure?" "yes. really, thank you for helping me. have a great day!" i'm finished sweeping it up and she's out the door. i grab a box to put the broken pieces in and throw the whole thing in a dumpster, and just as i get back inside, the phone rings. i answer, it's the same woman. "i just really wanted to just say once again how sorry i am that i broke that pitcher. i know it was an accident and you said that it was fine, but i really am more than happy to pay for it." "ma'am, i'm going to be completely blunt with you. when things get broken in the store, i'm the one that decides on the "you break it, you buy it" policy. not only was this a complete accident, but you didn't try to hide that you had broken something. you even helped me clean it up. you have to understand that never happens. after the start of my day today, how you responded to breaking something was so unbelievably refreshing and kind, there's no way i'm going to charge you. you're the type of customer i'm happy to do things like this for." she thanked me again, told me she appreciated it. i had a smile on my face for the rest of the day. it's the little things.i came into work today, clocked in and noticed something strange on my time slip. instead of "kt cook" on the bottom, i have the label "ft sl". i walk to the back office where my manager is doing some paperwork and ask him what it meant. "oh, yeah. that stands for 'front end shift lead'." "uh. what." "yeah... wait." "... nobody told me." "oh. well congrats, you're the new supervisor." so... i got a promotion, and they neglected to tell me.i was a cashier for the worlds largest burger joint in highschool/college and i regularly volunteered for drive through duty quite simply because it was interesting and you never know what you'll see. one night, right before close, two "bros" come to my window. besides the fact that they kept changing their minds about what they wanted and generally just being dicks, both of them were drunk off their asses. they finally paid, and pulled forward and i was still annoyed...for two seconds, when one of my regulars pulled up, in his squad car, on duty. the stars must have been aligned or the universe smiling on me, but i was like "hey "dave", i was getting ready to call you guys, but that guy in front of you is wasted and you can smell it, it's bad." he's like o rly, didn't order, waited till they got their food then flipped on the lights. as i was closing up, i kept looking out as it progressed from sobriety tests, to back up, to handcuffs, to tow truck impounding. at least they got those mc'chickens. edit: formatting, and yes i took him and his back up a meal as i left, probably wasnt warm by then but good enough for the midnight munchiesi showed great restraint by not beating some customers to death. the family was in my shop for about 45 minutes before i noticed the dog. the mom asked to use the bathroom and handed off what i thought was the lady's brown clutch purse. it was a tiny puppy. apparently they bought the puppy at the flea market down the street before entering my store. it was seven weeks old, and severely dehydrated. not surprising, since it was a scorching hot day. somehow they thought that it was a great time to go book shopping. as soon as i saw how lethargic the dog was, i got a dish of water. the puppy gratefully lapped it up, and seemed to perk up a bit. the family was in no hurry to leave. i told them that the dog looked like he needed some food. the woman snapped that she knew all about taking care of dogs. she also told me the dog was a "pure bred puggle." so, as well as needing dog care books, she needed a dictionary. she mentioned that she didn't want to give the dog any water since she was worried that it would pee in the car. a seven week old puppy. it shouldn't even be away from its mother at seven weeks. then they mentioned that they live about an hour's drive away. actually, i don't know if i showed great restraint in not beating them or abdicated my responsibility as a human being. a big part of me wanted to take that dog away from them. i really hope the puppy is okay.hey there tfr! i've posted before (like that time a lady tried to convert me) but i don't strictly work retail - however there's a retail component to my job (in fact we broke our all time sales record tonight, closing at ~$9500 which is almost triple what we pull in on a normal night). so. bit of back story. we run a shop which is open from 9am to 9.30pm. however, we have a stargazing program that goes from 6pm to 10pm, then we bring in the telescopes and go home. we're open every day of the year. every night, a car rolls in at 9.55pm. we call them the "inevitable nine fifty fivers". so the 955ers get out. asks how he can use the telescopes. i tell him that, "you don't, we do - but have a look through because that's why they're around." then one of them tries to go inside (our doors were open to bring some stuff inside from outside). i tell him we're closed. he insists that because google told him we're open until 10 we should let him in. &gt; **me:** no sir, i can't do that. we're closed. &gt; **him:** but i just want a map! &gt; **me:** yes. we have maps for sale, but we're closed. &gt; **him:** oh they're for sale? &gt; **me:** yes, they are, and we're closed. you may look through a telescope if you'd like, they're out here for a few more minutes. &gt; **him:** so i can't just come inside? there are only a few times when i've wanted to tell someone to fuck off while i'm at work. so i did it in a nice way. kind of. &gt; **me:** no, sir. absolutely not. it is strictly prohibited and not least of all we are closed. the money is away and counted. we've closed up everything and taken inside the carts with the water and such. there's nothing left and your girlfriend is running to the car because it's freezing cold out. we are not open until 10. you are mistaken. and no, you can't continue to drive to the summit. it's probably best you just head home as there's nothing left to do here. and so they did. they left. and all was good again.of my two full-time jobs, one is as the manager of a pet supply retail store. i was on a register when a woman came through my line to check out. me: "alright, your total is $40.02." she took out her purse and calmly handed me two twenty dollar bills. i waited but she made no motion to find any change. i waited but she just stared at me. me: "it's $40 and two cents, ma'am." i repeated myself in case she hadn't heard me. she eyed me in this weirdly angry and suspicious way and then smugly declared, "i don't carry *change*." like it was beneath her. and she just let it linger awkwardly between us while she stared at me defiantly. me: "well the total is $40 and two pennies." and i quietly stared back, letting her awkward silence linger. after a beat or two her face crumpled up and she did this weird exaggerated double-take of disgust at me, as if i had just flipped her off while wearing dead babies for slippers. i'm not kidding. it was the most over-the-top double-take i've ever seen outside of bad improv. her: "so what are you going to about that?" me: "you've already had $3.42 in savings with your membership rewards card. there aren't any more discounts and you don't have any coupons. i can put some items back for you if you don't have enough for the rest." (note: i always keep my voice low when people appear to be having problems paying. no need to embarrass a customer who's fallen onto hard times. i've been there before.) cue another round of exaggerated double-takes and nasty looks. seriously, what the hell is up with these grotesque facial distortions she's doing? her: "i can't believe you're beating me up over two pennies! i'll take my business elsewhere. give me my twenties back!" i swung my display around to show her the price while handing her back her cash. "i'm sorry but that's the total amount due if you want all these items today. do you have a credit card maybe? it's really no problem to put just one of these dog treats back if you don't have change." (she had seven of the same lowest-quality rawhides bags in her bag. her dog didn't need one of them, much less seven packs of seven.) her: "i don't carry change! what's so hard to understand about that?!" me: "then this transaction is over." i grabbed her bagged items and put them under the counter, out of her reach in case she decided to bolt with them. more double-takes. no, actually, i got a triple-take out of that one. and the look of utter disgust i got from her? you would have thought i had just defecated into my hand and then heiled hitler. at this point i began to suspect i was dealing with a mentally unbalanced person rather than an entitled no-change-haver. one of my co-workers, an army vet, overheard the commotion and quietly came up behind my counter, ready to assist if it became physical. being a former military police officer in the navy myself, i felt confident that i could handle an unkempt white lady in her late-forties, but it was nice to see cover taking up position. her: "oh you want a dollar from me, is that it?!" the lady was waving her fingers at the cash register screen which was still pointed in her direction. me: "no, just two pennies. but if you have a dollar more, i can give you change back." she dug through her purse some and produced a dollar bill, which she threw angrily at me but it sort of fluttered comically down to the conveyor belt between us. then she wadded up her twenties and slammed them on the belt, too. i collected her free market offerings and began making change when the lady turned to my co-worker behind her and started talking shit about me in hushed tones. from what little i could hear, it was the usual threats: how it's the worst service ever, how she'll never come back here, etc. [and by the way, why is it people think "i'll never come back here again" is a threat to retail employees? if you're giving us problems, *we don't want you to come back.* go sell crazy somewhere else.] i handed her change back to her and she made this over-dramatic act of leaning in and reading the name badges of both myself and my co-worker *who had done nothing at all throughout the entire exchange* as if she was going to complain about the two of us. finally she took her items and left. once she was out of earshot, my co-worker told me, "in the middle of all that, she said she was deaf and couldn't read your lips." thinking back, i know this was a lie because she was answering my greetings without even looking at me at the start of the transaction while she was loading up her items on the conveyor belt. at no point in the interaction did she act like she couldn't understand what i was saying. me: "no. no. no. that was not the issue here. she understood everything i was saying, she just didn't *like* what i was saying. you can be deaf and a jerk at the same time." **the moral of this story is that you get more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.** --- edit: most of you in the comments are right. if the lady was nice or had asked if it was okay that she was two measly pennies short, i would have bent over backwards to help her out. i probably could have found a $5 off coupon somewhere in our office that would have saved her even more than two cents. but she was rude and forfeit reciprocal courtesies as a consequence of her own actions. edit 2: i've been repeatedly called a jerk for this story, which is fine. i am one in real life but in this story, i went through our lines for customer engagement and resolution nearly verbatim. customer doesn't give you the full amount due? ask for the full amount again. customer doesn't have enough money? offer to put an item back, ask for alternative method of payment, hold items for later pickup, or void transaction. cashiers are under **no** circumstances allowed to *volunteer* to undermine our own sales prices (ie- the customer has to ask specifically for a reduction). and even if they do ask, price adjustments are done at the manager's discretion as circumstances warrant, which they probably aren't going to do if the only reason you want it is because you're an unpleasant person. i find it a little comical that i was harassed and threatened by a lying customer and, after following my own store's point-of-sale policy, people have been calling *me* the jerk. if i was wearing a short skirt and sporting some cleavage, would i have "deserved" it, too?about a year ago i started working at a large retail chain. the particular location i was employed at was going through a lot of changes in management, procedures, and the like. basically, the store was in a shambles logistically and couldn't keep employees for more than a month or two at best. beyond the usual age verification for certain items, there was no standard procedure followed by anybody with regards to people purchasing tobacco, lottery, or basically any high-value items that had to be stored behind the counter. we would take the items, scan them, and put them on the counter while the customer paid for them. didn't have any issues. one day we had a loss prevention guy come in and observe our security procedures. one of his "suggestions" was that when making these kind of sales, we do not place them in reach of the customers until they are paid for in full. okay, seems reasonable. nobody should have a problem with this unless they actually plan to steal shit, right? not so. from the time we implemented the measure, there was one guy, a regular, who came in to buy cigarettes every day, and he had a huge problem with this. "where are my cigarettes?" "they're here behind the counter, sir." "well why aren't they in my hand yet?" "because you have not yet paid for them, sir. we have new security measures in place to prevent potential losses." "so you think i'm going to steal them?" "no sir." "well then put them in my fucking hand!" "no sir, that would breach proper procedure. i don't think you're going to steal them, but this is the rule and it will be followed." "i don't care what the rule is, you have no right to treat me like a criminal! now put the smokes in my hand or i'm going to talk to your manager!" "okay sir, i'll call him from the back." so i rang the button that ding-donged the backroom, and an assistant manager came out and asked what was going on. they talked for a while and decided that i would place the cigarettes in his hand, breaching procedure and making me look like an asshole. so i did. and the guy smirks at me and says "there, was that so hard? at least your managers are competent. maybe you should get a job cleaning toilets or something, seems more your speed." right in front of my manager. at this point i looked at my manager and said "hey *mike, did you hear what he just said to me? that was an abusive comment, and i'm not going to take it." i told him to hand back the cigarettes and get out of the store, but he refused. "you put them in my hand, they're mine now. take my money or don't, they're mine." so i looked at my manager and said "this is what happens when you don't follow procedure and make me look like an idiot, mike. this is your problem now, i quit." and i walked out. abusive customers suck, and managers who abide them are worse. edit: guys, don't downvote people just for *respectfully* suggesting that i could have done things differently. if somebody's being an asshole and lobbing insults, fine. but there's a comment from mrjigglybrown buried down there that i don't feel warrants the negative attention it's receiving. he seems like an ok guy :(hey everyone - bleubleh long time lurker blabla mobile phone and formatting and english language etc. so. the background story goes like this: i have a jewellery store with my partner. we are located in a small mall with a mix of very very wealthy customers and not so wealthy customers. i've only had one real incident before in the ca. 5+ on and off years in retail but in the past year i've had an office job, which has made me a bit slow in terms of knowing if the customer is actually for real with their craziness. the 'incident' happened today with a local customer, who is not a customer since he didn't come to buy anything *(he just came to trash talk me)*. just a quick note: the culture in this country is such that **most** of the local men can/are very degrading towards young women. especially us young 'foreign' girls *(i am mixed raced, half of that country and half white)* anyways the man will be called dh for dickhead and my partner will be p. ... *dh comes to the shop to look at our 18k gold chains.* dh: where are the free samples? p: huh? we don't give out free samples. this is a product to buy. dh: don't you guys want to make money or what? p: uh yes, but how can we make money if we give out free samples? me: this is just a shop. we are not like those outside promoting their products... *(there were people outside by the supermarket promoting beer and diapers)* dh: sorry, what did you say? just a shop? just a shop? are you telling me you're not a business but just a shop? do you even know what that means? me: yes, the point of my statement is that we are an actual store. we are not temporarily sitting here with any bogof deals or whatever promotions. dh: well, thank you for admitting you mistake with the first sentence. i think that you should tell your boss, when you see him, that he should send you to school so you can learn about business and all that. me: ... *confused if he is joking*... uhm. i am the boss, and i do have a degree in business what are we talking about right now? dh: oh ok. well, it is always good to have one fool for a boss and one clever person for a boss and your partner seems to be a clever person. me: **are you calling me a fool????** dh: yes... i am a boss myself and i know how it is in a business with *(using a local word for fools)* do you know what that word means? do you even know the language here?? next time i come i will bring my "business book" for you. me: **yes i know**, and no i don't need that. thanks... he was so casual about everything so i was really shocked about how he said it. it doesn't help that i am a very patient and polite person who will try and avoid confrontations as much as possible, but i obviously got pissed at my partner for not standing up for me as he just sat there in silence with his mouth wide open. i really really really wish i could swear at him!!!! i will not sleep tonight. next time✌️to start off, these are going to be a short series of stories that i've stored from my time working at an law enforcement officer (leo) retail store. despite the title, it's by no means meant to be political argument for or against guns. it's just... well, you'll see. and sorry for the length. i did a post about this store called [you think you had a bad day?]( anyways, onto the stories! **first experiences** before starting working where i work now, i only had limited experience with guns, firearms, weapons, etc. i was nervous as all get out to work behind the gun counter. one of the people training me, laid some ground rules about handling firearms that should always be followed. these rules are: 1) the weapon is always loaded. 2) even when you know the weapon is unloaded. it's always loaded. 3) always point the weapon at a safe direction. never at someone. see rules 1 and 2 for why. 4) when handing a weapon over to someone, make sure the slide/bolt is locked back and present the arms to them with the chamber so they can see that it's cleared. 5) when a weapon is handed to you, always clear it. see rules 1 and 2. 6) never point a firearm at something that you don't intend to kill. there is no such thing as shooting to injure. 7) finger is never on the trigger unless you are ready to kill whatever it is you are pointing at. i also developed a habit of not walking in front of pointed weapon. people will take a weapon and look down the sights usually aiming at the back counter wall. i would wait to the side for them to raise or lower the weapon due to rules 1 and 2 (notice a theme?). most people will drop sight line, raise the weapon's barrel to point at the ceiling, lower the weapon down, etc to let me pass. cool, no problem. my first day behind the gun counter, and the first customer i had behind there wanted to see a glock 17. i remove the weapon from the case, clear it, locked the slide back, handed it to him and the proceeded to let the slide forward and take aim to see how it fit in his hands. problem? he was pointing it right at me. i moved to the side to get out of the line of "fire" and he followed me. "sir, could you please not point the weapon at me?" "why, it's not loaded?" "i don't care, please don't point the weapon at me." "stop being such a..." at this point, a co-worker who's been there for 10+ years reaches out, grabs the slide from the top, breaks the guys grip and tells him to leave. "why do i have to leave?" "because you aren't being safe with the weapon. you need to leave now." "fuck you. i want to see a manager." fine. my coworker calls out a name. down at the other end of the counter, is the president of the company. the name called was his. my coworker tells the president what just happened, including the "fuck you" part, the president looks at me asks if i did have a gun pointed at me. "yes sir." asked the customer if he did point the gun at me, "yeah, but it was unloaded." the president looks at the guy and says matter of factly,"get the fuck out of my store and don't come back." the guy started to cause a slight ruckus about it, saying that he shouldn't be talking to a customer that way, which was meet with a reply of "you stopped being a customer when you pointed a gun at one of my employees." the guy wasn't moving and was getting more and more angry. since we are cater to leo and military, we usually have a sheriff, police officer, constable, state police, federal agent in store. the president pointed out that right now the guy is trespassing and disturbing the public and that there's five officers looking at him, ready to take him out of the store and to downtown/jail if he doesn't leave now. officers were watching the scene unfold and were just waiting. i never seen so many different people from different agencies waiting to bust some jerk's ass. "fine! i'm never coming here again!" the customer said. "i know and i don't care," the big boss said. **yes, we accept trades!** after a while, you get to feel for how heavy a weapon is unloaded, and can tell when it is loaded, even if you never held a loaded weapon before. there's a certain weight to it and the balance is different. so, we take trades. this guy comes in looking to trade his shotgun for credit to get a different shotgun. no biggie. we do this all the time. we tell him to bring in the weapon, and make sure it's cleared. he brings in the shotgun, and hands it to me. it felt... different. heavier. "are you sure this is cleared?" "yeah, i cleared it before i put it in the car." so most of you know, it's not very smart to carry a loaded shotgun in a car/truck or have one in the chamber because it can accidentally discharge. shotguns don't usually have a drop safety and some hard bumps can make the hammer strike the shell causing an accidental discharge. it's illegal, at least in my state, to have a loaded shotgun in the vehicle for these reasons. i rack the action and a shell goes flying out and hits the guy in the forehead. i follow the shell in flight, in slow motion as i see it hit him in the head, thinking "what the fuck man!?" i rack it six more times. six more shells go flying out. he is told to put the shells back in his car and we'll finish the trade when he comes back in. he also got a stern talking too by one of the mangers. **i need a holster** we sell anything an officer needs; duty gear, pants, holsters, accessories for their weapons, badges, vehicle equipment, you name it, we have it or can get it. so a local officer comes in and needs a holster. "we can help you with a holster. what weapon do you have?" "i don't know." this happens more times than i feel comfortable with saying. if my sample size is any indication about other officers, a good 85-90% don't know what side arm they carry. we ask if he has it with him, he says yes, and we tell him to clear the weapon, lock the slide back and bring it in and we can help him find a holster. he comes back in with a weapon, "cleared." we see that it's a common weapon, and we have different holsters for it and show him the holsters. as he is looking at the holster, someone notices that he has a full loaded magazine in the the weapon. he drops the slide, which chambers a round. the gun is now hot, live and ready to shoot. someone mentions this to him as he slides the weapon into the wrong holster. the weapon is stuck. fuck us, a loaded gun is stuck in a holster. coworker gets that look of slight panic, i grab the weapon and holster from the customer, drop the magazine, and keep the whole thing pointed down at the floor. i explained to the guy that we can try to take the weapon out, but it's gotta come off the floor and we have to take it our vault and for his safety and the safety of others, he's not allowed in there. i also tell him very politely how much of a dumb ass he is. he's cool with this, and does feel very stupid. i'm can't really fault him too much because we failed at our job too make sure that it really is safe. so, i take it to the vault and try to figure out how to get this things out safely. i call in two other, more experience co-workers to help figure this out. after some cussing, grumbling, lots of wd-40, and talk about taking a saw to the holster, we finally got it free. the next day, everyone got a lecture and retaining on weapon safety. **i'm on the swat team** people come in all sorts of different shapes and sizes. sheriffs, at least in my part of the woods, tend to be on the bigger size of things. this big fellow comes in and is looking for tactical gear for his swat rig/uniform. he has a purchase order from his department. he needs everything, new body armor, clothing, thigh rig, chest holster, sling for the ar he has to get, new duty belt rig, the whole nine. the problem? we didn't have anything that fit him. we can measure for body armor as those are custom made. but the sheet measurements didn't go that big. pants? we didn't have anything close to his size. i had to take a measuring tape, or two, to get the guys waist size. we had to order a 6xl. for frame of reference, i'm a size 30 waist. when these pants finally came in, myself and another guy got into each leg of the pants and had room for more people. of course, he was offended that everything had to be custom made, that we didn't have it in stock, and would be up charged for the size, which, the department po didn't take into account. the horrible person in me was thinking that they were going to use him for tactical entry as a human shield. i also joked with some other coworkers that the department should order all his gear in red and when he does bust down the door, have him scream "oh yeah!" alright, i think this is long enough. i have other stories that i'll share at a later time. enjoy! edit: minor typos.just a quick tale of a customer on their high horse. around christmas time, were were having a bogo sale on a very popular product. regular price was $19.99, and most people understood this. we had a display right at the front of the store so mall-goers could see. ~~queue~~ cue $highhorselady ($hhl henceforth). i'm in the middle of restocking the display when $hhl and her three children walk up. &gt;$hhl: how much is this? &gt;$me: $19.99 individually, but they're currently bogo. &gt;$hhl: so if i wanted one, i would pay $9.99? &gt;$me: no, you'd pay $19.99. &gt;$hhl: but two of them are $19.99. $9.99 and $9.99 is $19.99. it's basic math. are you an idiot? &gt;$me: i understand that, but there items are bogo. buy one, get one. you pay for one, the other is free. &gt;$hhl: but i only want one. if two of them is $19.99, it stands to reason that one is $9.99. trust me, i know what i'm talkng about. *turns to her three children* &gt;$hhl: don't end up like this idiot. basic math is a skill that can keep you out of places like this. $hhl struts away, leaving me and a few customers around me openmouthed. edit: wordingi was working returns yesterday. working returns for 9 hours is extremely draining, and when people come in all pissy toward the end of my shift i'm in no mood to act like i care about their problems. these guys came in with 30 boards of osb, some roofing rolls and nails, and other miscellaneous roofing supplies. they only brought in the will call paperwork (that's what we give people if they order something and want to pick it up later). i told them i need the receipt since they paid cash, or i'd have to give them almost $500 in store credit. one of the guys (guy 1) instantly gets mad and starts yelling at me and asking for a manager, claiming that "this is the receipt. it's all they gave us." the other guy (guy 2) says he knows what i meant by "receipt" and went to get it from the job site. guy 1 stayed behind with the cart and would randomly comment about how he "wishes i could just return this stuff and give them their money back." i gave a very insincere "sorry" and continued helping the other people in my line each time he said something. eventually guy 2 came back and i started the return process. i rang everything on the cart onto my register and told them the total. &gt; guy 2: "hang on let me see if that's right." he checked the paperwork and the total on there was more than what i had told them. they paid for 3 more sheets of osb than they brought in. guy 2 yelled at me because i "can't count." so i counted the osb on their cart two more times, and guy 1 does the same. &gt;guy 2: how many is on there? &gt;me: 30, just like the first time. &gt;guy 2: guy 1, how many? &gt;guy 1: *knows i'm right and refuses to speak* &gt;me: i can have a manager come count them for you if you don't believe me. so he tells me to just wait and let him see what's on his cart. i continue helping more people and guy 2 comes up, raging because they paid for 33 sheets of osb and only picked up 30. he tells me repeatedly that they only had 30 on the job site and they brought all they picked up back to be returned. guy 1 is just sitting there fuming (???) over these 3 missing boards. i tried to interject several times to tell them i'd refund 33 osbs for them because i just wanted them to leave. guy 2 finally calms down, shuts up, and lets me talk. &gt; me: i can refund you for all 33 sheets, if you'd listen to me. &gt; guy 2: well why didn't you say that?! *grabs me by the arm* me: do not touch me. if you touch me again, i will call security and refuse to serve you. &gt; guy 2: *stutters something incomprehensible* &gt; me: ...so are you going to let me start this over and give you your money? so i rang all their stuff up and guy 2 just has to make sure i "rang everything up right this time." i refund them their $400-and-some in cash (yay, empty register!) and they finally leave. of course, a manager shows up a few minutes after they left and asked me how i was doing. pfft.with the eye catching title out of the way, here's a short story from a gas station clerk. let's get started! younger kid, about 10 or 11 and apparently doesn't speak english, comes up to my cash register and holds up a $20 bill and this exchange happens. "tits." "excuse me?" "tits." "are you wanting gas?" he nods. "what pump number?" "uh..tits!" now i'm still completely clueless but i'm also kind of a genius too. i grab our store calculator and ask him to point to the number. and of course he points to the number six. "thank you, young sir! $20 on pump number tits!"this happened to me several years ago when i was training as loss prevention at the big store with a smiley face as a mascot. i had traveled to another store to be trained by that stores loss prevention associate, emily. we were walking the floor and it was my first day or two of training so we were watching a lot of people and also going over a lot of the do's and don't. being a very corporate company the rules were designed to protect the store from lawsuits more then stop shoplifters and were long, complicated, and strict. one of these rules was the minimum age of a child that we were allowed to stop if we noticed shoplifting ( i believe it was 6 but i am not 100% as it has been many years.) this kid who looks to be 5-6 years old and has a look like he has gotten whatever he wants during his life walks by us and emily instantly suspects him of being up to no good so we follow him. he be-lines it without his parents to the toy aisle. we see him with the grace expected of most kids his age take a rubix cube off the shelf, remove it from the packaging, put the rubix cube in his pocket, and throw the packaging unceremoniously under a shelf. i am ecstatic because at first i think we are going to have an easy catch. emily informs me of the minimum age we can stop someone and that he looks too young to stop. this deflates me a little then annoys me as i can't stop this little shit from stealing from us. i pick the package up to take it out of our system later. we watch the kid for a little while longer as he goes back to his parents and then leaves his parents after a minute or two. he is alone again in another aisle acting like he owns the place and checking out anything he likes. at this point i re-affirm we can't stop the kid or do anything about the rubix cube. emily re-affirms this and i decide to try and scare the kid. i wait at the far end of the next aisle under he comes down it. he turns the corner a minute later and i step out at the other end of the aisle and stop. in one hand is the torn packaging from the rubix cube and my other hand i have my fingers tapping the packaging one finger at a time. i give the kid my best i got you fucker smug look while slowly shaking my head back and forth. he instantly freezes up and goes from smiling to bright red. his eyes start to water up a little and he knows he did not get away with it. i stand there just tapping the packaging for a couple seconds shaking my head until he backs out of the aisle and goes to find his parents. emily is dumbstruck at what i have just done. i ask her if what i did was wrong and she tells me that it was awesome. we watch the kid re-unite with his parents. the kid tries to keep a tough appearance up but spots me a little while later walk by and i just shake my head with a big disappointing look from afar. this put the kid over the top and after a minute or two his dad clearly sees something is wrong with him as the kid starts to break down. the tear works are in full swing but the kid won't say a thing to his parents and after a couple more minutes they all walk out the store. i don't know if the kid ever dropped the rubix cube or not or if he came clean with his parents. all i know is he was distraught as they left the store and the parents weren't getting anything out of him then. i probably shouldn't have felt as good about what i had done as i did but that kid needed to taught a lesson.i work in a dollar store in a small town. a couple is browsing over the deodorant, specifically the spray stuff. i just so happen to be stocking items in this area, so i'm very near them as they're shopping. &gt;guy: here, spray this and see what it smells like. the thing is, our store has signs near the perfumes saying not to spray them because of allergy issues, and spraying spray deodorant in the air is even worse, especially since it's a very small store, it'll stink it up for a long time. &gt;me: can i just ask that you guys not spray that stuff in here? &gt;guy: well how are we supposed to know what it smells like? girl sprays deodorant in the air anyway and does the classic maneuver of diving into the cloud to smell it. i just leave it be at that point, it's not worth arguing over. i guess that since i'm only 18 and look to be about 14, i don't deserve to be listened to. :u fast forward and they are at my counter to check out. now since i'm usually around the store doing other things, stocking, cleaning up, etc., my counter has one of the classic "ring bell for service" bells. usually if someone sees me coming, they obviously won't ring the bell. however, even though i saw them ready to check out and was not even 5 feet from the counter when they were getting ready to check out, the lady **mashes** my bell, extremely loudly and obnoxiously. i didn't say anything, but wasn't overly kind to them, skipped my usual "how are you?" and "have a good day" because fuck 'em. after they had left, another guy comes to check out. he's a semi-regular and i recognized him. he says, "should i ring your bell like that too?" with a little chuckle, and then under his breath says "morons". i hear this and reply, "you say what i wish i could." we both got a bit of a chuckle. jesus fuck some people. i mean really. that area of the store stunk the rest of the night.here's another one from back when i used to work for reddit's favorite office supply store. it was about half an hour from closing time on a sunday. i was making my usual rounds, facing shelves, filling empty spots, picking up shredded packaging from stolen items, the usual. one coworker was doing the same, on the opposite side of the store, and our manager that night was closing registers and doing cash office duties in between running the last open register. she'll be swm, for strong woman manager. as sundays usually were, it had been dead most of the later afternoon and evening. as such, we were not frequently checking the aisles for customers, and i wasn't all that surprised to find a middle-aged chinese woman who looked a little like [ms. swan]( (cw) and her apparently mute daughter looking at our furniture displays without swm telling me about them on our radio headsets. we had a number of old displays on clearance, and they gravitated towards the red signs and began looking closer. i offered assistance, she refused, and i started walking away. no sooner had i gotten back to my aisle, i heard a slight *crack* from the direction of our furniture. i looked back over, and cw had just lifted one of the shelves out of a bookcase and broke one of the supports that held the shelf up. cw and her daughter immediately began loading the bookcase onto their cart. i radioed swm to let her know what just went down, then headed up front to watch. swm: hello, did you find everything you were looking for today? cw: ah, yeh, sank you. swm: just the bookcase then, okay, your total is $xx.xx cw: oh, ah, no discount? swm: it's on clearance, ma'am, the original price was $xxx.xx. 60% off is a pretty good deal! cw: oh, ah, it brok, see? [*vigorously jiggles loose shelf to illustrate her point*] brok, some discount. swm: i can't sell it to you if it's broken loose like that, it's not safe! sorry about that, i'll have foxstang help you find a similar one. [*motions to me, then slaps a sticker on the bookcase that says "damaged and defective"*] here, i'll d&amp;amp;d this, show cw our other bookcases. *swm takes the cart behind a counter, cw follows her* cw: no, dis one i like! you discount, i buy. swm [becoming agitated]: i really can't ma'am, it's our policy and it's for your safety! cw [screwing up her face with anger]: i want buy! you discount! swm: i'm not going to do that. cw [shouting]: i buy!!! swm [also shouting]: you no buy!!!!! at this point cw takes out her phone and dials somebody. i'm still standing at the register, swm is at the counter across from me, and we're both just staring at her as she walks toward the door. cw [in perfect english with no accent]: yeah babe, tell ronnie he can go home, fucking bitch at [store name] wouldn't even let me buy some furniture. 'kay, bye. me and swm exchange wtf looks. **tl;dr - confucius say: "he who break thing in store is like, a complete dick, totes mcgoats."**so, we've all had the parents come into our workplace, and let their kids run wild/destroy the store/treat employees like crap. i once had a parent dump a kid's piggy bank on the counter and sit and laugh while i counted out all the change. but, today, i had a good experience with a parent and wanted to share. the little kid was about 5-6 years old and had clearly been saving for this toy for awhile. he had his money all wadded up in his hand... like, crumbled and stuff. his mom caught it as he was handing it to me, and she crouched down to his level. mom: now, look at what you're about to give her. what would you think if someone gave that to you? would that be very nice? the little boy looked at his hand and kind of shrugged. mom: let's unfold this and count it out. when you buy something, you always hand the nice lady or man your money the way you'd want your money handed to you. so, that means you count it out, and you unfold it, and you put it in their hand and not on the counter. you wouldn't like it if someone just dropped it in front of you, so that's how we treat other people. i basically wanted to hug this mom. it took her kid an extra minute or so to un-wad his bills, but the gesture was so nice. i love when parents teach their kids some respect and courtesy... it's so rare sometimes, and it just really warms my heart when they do.i work at a small bakery. we make fresh doughnuts every day, and also serve coffee, milk, etc. most customers get the exact same thing every day, and we know most orders by face. (we work in a small community). there's this one lady i can't stand, and one day she pushed me over the edge. i'm a manager now, but when i was working the front counter, one busy friday morning, she showed up. i could see her desperately trying to look at the doughnut and pastry case along with what we had brewing for coffee. i was waiting on someone when she says from behind them, "you need to hurry up because i'm going to be late for work." well you know what lady? maybe if you had planned your morning better you wouldn't be in this predicament in the first place. seesh. i took my sweet time making that coffee. edit: thanks for my very first gold! so this happened awhile ago. i work at the end of the mall right next to a childrens playground so we get a lot of mothers with their hyper kids. so a mother comes in with three kids. the mom is very intent on browsing and grabbing lots of items. the little girl is whining and doing a pee dance, but the mom keeps shushing her. we get them into a dressing room. when she leaves the dressing room one of the associates goes to clean it out and to our horror there is pee all over the floor. we clean it up. one of the associates tells the mother about it. the mother proceeds to yell at the child, like she didn't know?? like you somehow don't know your child is in a urine soaked white dress and you were standing in it while you changed clothes? she then continues to shop as if nothing happened while the wet child following her around. she buys items, briefly apologizes and leaves, while telling the girl she's going to take her and her siblings to the playground. she then comes back two more times within the hour saying her kids are at the playground so she has some more time to look around. she bought more things each time. i dont even know what to say. i just nervously laughed. edit: cant spell, tried to make the story clearer. didnt have coffee when typing this. i work overnights at a gas station/convenience store on the edge of the ghetto, so my customers are a mix of affluent, middle of the road people, and "hood rat" types. being that i do the overnight shift, i see a lot of strange folk pass through my doors. last night, i had one of the best customer interactions ive had in a long time, and surprisingly it was with a "hood rat" type dude. he came up to my register and started piling all of his selections in front of me, but instead of the typical chips, soda and candy bars he had mixed fruit cups, strawberries and dipping cream, fresh fruit like apples and bananas, and a box of [apple jacks]( i commented on his choices, and he replied "my ni**a said bring him somethin' fruity, so thats what im doin, somethin' fruity". i picked up the cereal and said "man, i havent had this stuff in years. now when i leave tonight, im going to have to go buy a box to tear up. thanks a lot, dude". he laughed and went on his way. a few minutes later, i hear the buzzer from the gas pumps that indicates a customer needs assistance. i pressed the button to ask what the matter was, and a voice just says, "dont forget them apple jacks". lol. edit - here you go guys. tearin' it up. justiceporn didn't like my submission (because i don't have any proof to show this happened) but it's related to working in retail, so i hope you all like it. years ago i was attending a local college learning computer repair and networking. a guy in my class, who was known for being a braggart, worked part-time at a big box store that serviced and sold computers. he came in one day bragging about his new processor and how much faster his computer ran now. he was just dying to tell us how he'd out-smarted a different big box store and come out of it with a free processor. he told us how he'd gone into the store and bought a brand new processor. he took it home, installed it in his computer, and put his old one back in the box. he then returned it to the store and got his money back, claiming it was defective. of course, this is clearly theft, and it made all of us uncomfortable to hear about, and the instructor shook his head sadly at him. the next day he didn't show up for class. neither did he show up the second day. on the third day he came back, and was raging mad that things were unfair. he told us he'd taken the two days off to cool down because he was so angry at what had happened to him. it turns out that in addition to bragging to us, he'd also bragged to all his coworkers at the big box store. he thought they'd love his story, because he'd done the stealing from a competitor. his boss was disgusted by his actions, and phoned up the store he'd ripped off and told them what he'd done. he told them that the thief would be coming in and returning the real processor, and gave them the guy's full name and phone number in case he skipped out on it. the braggart was afraid of losing his job at this point, so he manned up and took back what he'd stolen. as soon as his boss had confirmation that things had been put right, he fired the guy. i really like to think that the guy learned something from the whole ordeal, but the way he was raging about how unfairly he'd been treated, i doubt it. tl;dr bosses don't like to hear they have a stupid thief working for themso here's a quick one that just happened to me on my lunch break. went down the road to get a sammich, and decided to stop for gas.as i'm putting the nozzle into the tank, a mercedes pulls up behind me. we were the only two people at the pumps, and i didn't think much of it at the time. after about 30 seconds, the mercedes issues a short, loud honk. ok, maybe the driver leaned on the horn by accident while getting composed to step out into the cold. no big deal. 10 seconds later, 2 more honks in quick succession. ok.... dafuq? so i turn and look and the driver is waving me over to her. umm alright. so i shimmy on over, and the drivers side window rolls down. inside is what i can only describe to be a reject from the real housewives of nj. orange skins still glowing from her last session in a tanning bed. lips are so inflated and puffed up, i wonder if she either has had too many colagen injections, or if she's perhaps dating chris brown. designer purse and sunglasses. the only thing missing would be a gucci dog carrier with a small pomeranian inside. anyways, the woman extends her hand, full of money, and tells me "thirty dollars". at this point, as i've only gotten two hours of sleep, i'm still not grasping what the fuck is truly going on here. my normally sharp intellect is now moving at the same pace as kristy alley running a marathon after her 3rd mile. me: i'm sorry, whats the problem? housewife: i want $30 put into the tank. i decided at this time to look down at myself, and make sure that i was in fact wearing my work uniform. and just as i suspected all along, i am wearing dress pants, shoes, a white button down shirt, and nice heavy sweater with a nice bright white patch on it that says *security company name security* on it. me: ummm ma'm i don't work here. hw: what? you don't? me: noooo. see this right here. it says security. hw: well then wheres the attendant? why isn't he pumping your gas? me: he's inside i guess. and it's not full service. hw: what? you mean i have to pump my own gas? me: well, yes it's self service. hw: well, this is not how it is in nj. me: yea well this is not nj, so don't know what you were expecting. hw: where's the nearest self serve station. me: far as i know, about 4 towns north. hw: well can't you just pump my gas? me:uhhh... no. hw: why not? at this point i just walked away. stupidity is infectious and i don't wanna catch a case of the herpderps. the hw, clearly pissed off, actually had to get out of her car. can you believe it. how dare i? she storms into the convenience store and starts berating the clerk. now at this point my gas is done pumping, but much like a porno after you've already finished, i had to sit tight and watch the final shot. the clerk, visibly confused, is listening to this woman, as she is pointing to me, clearly yelling. the clerk stares at me, blinks a few times, and turns back to the woman. i can see him shake his head. this obviously upsets hw even further. i can see her ranting and raving and the clerk, great guy that he is, stands his ground and tells her she can either pump her own gas or go somewhere else. well hw comes out, walks over to the gas pump, and sits there. she obviously can't figure out how to work the damn thing. i walk in grab my receipt, share a quick laugh with the cashier, and walk back to my car. as i'm walking over, hw waves and says "sweetie, could you show me how to work this! be a doll." my laughter could be heard for miles from that one. i got back into my car, put on jump by van halen, and laughed my way back to work. **tl;dr-how do i gas?** **edit: for the last time i am fully aware that in nj it is illegal to pump your own gas! i used to have a house down at the shore! but it's realistic to assume that someone over the age of 35 has been outside of the state at least once in their 20+ year driving career**this summer i worked at a small shoe boutique. there were only two employees: myself (the assistant manager) and the owner. usually, only one of us would be manning the store at a time. i had a lot of eccentric customers, but for the most part everyone was understanding and respectful except one woman. as soon as she walked in, i knew that she was going to be difficult. she marched through the entrance with her friend in tow and slammed a shopping bag onto my desk. try to dispel an argument, i ask "how may i help you?" she says, "my daughter bought these shoes from you and now they're ruined!" i am very confused at this point, but ask to see what's in the bag. she pulls out a shoe box that i recognize as a style we always carry and opens it to reveal the shoes and a receipt. the shoes are in fact ruined. the soles are completely scratched and there are lots of dirt marks and scrapes on the upper part. i look at the receipt and these shoes were purchased two years ago. confused, i say "what seems to be the problem?" while these shoes are no longer wearable, it is obvious that it is due to normal wear and tear after regular use for two years. she scoffs and turns to her friend giving her a look that obviously means that she thinks i am incompetent. she says, "i told you already. my daughter bought these shoes and now they are ruined. i want a full reimbursement or replacement." i calmly explain that that isn't possible as we don't accept worn products, but that i could check to see if her daughter's size was in stock so she could purchase a replacement. she and her friend both start yelling at me saying that obviously these shoes should be replaced for free since they fell apart. at this point, i'm starting to get really annoyed so i say, "i'm sorry, but it isn't procedure at any shoe store i've ever been to to replace merchandise that has been worn multiple times. i can't accept this return, but like i said, i would be happy to check to see if her size is here." at this, she and her friend grumble to each other for a bit, while i just stand there awkwardly. finally, she turns to me and says "you obviously are new here and don't know what you're doing. pass the message along to your boss and tell her to call me." she leaves the store leaving the shoes on the desk. luckily, my boss came in an hour later to relieve me of my shift. i explain the situation to her and she was just as confused as i was. she calls the women and asks her what the problem is. after the woman explains it to her, my boss simply says "well i'm glad she enjoyed the shoes! they look well worn. we still have her size in stock if she'd like to purchase another pair, but i can't accept the return." after this the women hung up. we thought that was the end of it until we got a call a week later from the same women saying that she had to drive 3 hours to the next city to find the right shoes after her experience with our terrible customer service and blaming us for having to pay for the gas money and the cost of the new shoes. i simply said "i'm sorry for your trouble" but looking back, i wish i could have said something. i wouldn't want to be the manager at that store when she returns in 2 years demanding a refund. i work at a pet store that closes at 6pm on sundays. last weekend, i was put on the door at 6 to make sure that: 1. someone was able to open the door for those leaving. 2. that no one else was able to sneak in. sometimes my co-workers feel sorry for a shopper. i never back down. as i was on door duty, i saw a lady outside walking her dog in the grass next to the parking. i just assumed she had picked her pup up from grooming, and was letting it potty before getting into her car. i was wrong. as i let another person out, i notice she was approaching the door. me: sorry, we close at 6. her: you serious? i been walking my dog out here for 20min. and now you say i can't come inside?? me: i'm sorry . we close at 6. her: this is fucking ridiculous.... she started saying more, but alas, i shut the door in her face and turned my back to her. the joys of closing.a few years ago i worked at a big, popular cosmetics store as a skincare consultant (a company certified skincare expert, actually). sometimes rude customers would assume i was a complete moron just spouting off random, made-up info to sell stuff. because retail workers are *obviously* incapable of actually having accurate product knowledge or an intelligence level above a cockroach. anyway, one day a middle-aged woman asked for help finding an anti-aging serum for her sensitive, dehydrated skin. i recommended one that had alpha lipoic acid (a powerful antioxidant, among other things) and hyaluronic acid (a substance that is naturally present throughout the human body and is able to bind 1000x its weight in water; it lubricates joints, gives your eyeballs their squishy-ness, and is a major component of your skin, as it retains hydration and elasticity, etc. excellent stuff. well, i got about as far as, "this would be a fantastic product for you, as it contains both alpha lipoic and hyaluronic acids-" before she cut me off with, "excuse me? i'm not going to put anything with acid on my face. do you think i'm stupid?!!??!?!" (i really had to hold my tongue at that question.) i politely explained that the word *acid* merely refers to the ph balance of the ingredient, and that since human skin is healthiest when its ph level is maintained at its naturally *acidic* level, that acids are not only perfectly safe to use on your skin, but preferable (to alkalines) in most cases. i then went on to say that while obviously not all acids are safe for human skin, such as hydrofluoric or hydrochloric acid, that those particular acids are not going to be found in *skincare products.* really. we have nothing to gain from doing that. it's a terrible, terrible idea. she was still not convinced, and went off on me about how we must think that people are really really stupid if we're cramming all our products full of acid. she's seen enough news stories about acid attacks and people's skin melting off to know better. then she had the nerve to scoff at my "skincare expert" badge on my nametag and ask what kind of bogus program the company was running if the "experts" didn't know that acid was bad for you. i replied, "ma'am, this company actually has an excellent training program. however, *i* learned the basics about acids in 7th grade science. it's a class i would *highly* recommend that you take." then i walked away. this happened a few years ago, this was roughly around 2012? i just stumbled upon this subreddit and thought i'd share this horrifying story. i'm on mobile so there may be spelling mistakes. i live in a canadian city, and work in a fast food restaurant. saturday mornings usually have nothing but high-school students working, so being saturday mornings there tends to be a lot of people calling off and claiming to be "sick". this day was no different. it was a cold -30c saturday morning, i was working drive-thru with one other employee, we normally have 3 or 4 people working the drive thru, but like i said people tend to call in sick. storefront was packed and there was a lineup going out the store, only 2 people we're working when normally there is 4 or 5. (just to give you an idea of how busy it was). i loved days when it's this busy, makes the shift go by fast. seeing as it was so cold, normally we switched the window person with another position every 30 minutes or every hour if it was busy. it was my turn on window/ orders. i was doing great, had a good flow. the line was moving fast. everybody was doing the best they could. you always get one or two assholey customers. for the sake of this story lets name this one him ah. beep, beep, beep "hello, may i take your order please?" - me yes, can i get a medium coffee, regular and a cheese croissant?-ah "sure, that'll me $3.75, pull up to the next window please" - me eventually the man makes his way to the window. already i could tell, this wasn't the best of mornings for him. he was a big burly construction worker, he was aboriginal driving a big f150 truck, already he was intimidating. he had change in his hand and was reaching out the window waiting for me to take it. "$3.75 please" - me (i start reaching for the change as i can see he's ready to go) give me my food first. - ah as he pulls his hand away "sorry sir, i'll need to take your money first" -me give me my food first, then i'll fuckin pay -ah "oh um... uh, sorry sir, your food is ready but i ne-need to take your money first" -me (starting to get confused) what the fuck? why do you need to take my money first? -ah as he shakes his head is disbelief. at this point, i was very nervous. he was visibly angry, it was as if this was a life or death situation. he needed his coffee and croissant first, even though he had the fucking change ready in his hand. i didn't know what to do and people on storefront were already looking at us "uhm, it's p-policy sir, i need you to pay before i can give you your order??"- me that's the stupidest fucking policy i've ever fucking heard of, the coffee is right fucking there and you can't give me it before i fucking pay? here! fucking stupod-ah *slams down the change. it was the exact change, $3.75 flat. "um, th-thhank you sir, have a good day hands out the order - me at this point, i'm pretty shaken up. i have no ability to process what just happened because already he's driving away and the next car is pulling up and the beep beep beep is in my ear. people are telling me i dealt with that customer very well and are patting me on the back. i mean, he was yelling.. full out yelling, customers were looking shaking their heads apparently, and the manager on duty told me to take a couple minutes and told me i handled him well, but next time if a customer swears at me i can by law, deny him service. it felt good knowing i was in the right and i carried on with my day. not to say, he didn't ruin my mood a bit though. for the rest of the day i was in complete disbelief of why he acted that way. did i offend him? why was he so angry? he had the exact change ready? a couple weeks later, my manager calls me into the office to speak to me. now, even when i did nothing wrong i always get frightened thinking i was in trouble, as i'm sure we all do. she tells me a customer called and wrote in to complain about me. the written complaint went something like this. "hi and good afternoon. i'm writing to you today because i am completely disheartened by your company. never in my life have i received such terrible customer service. i went in yesterday morning. not only did i wait 15 minutes in the drive thru waiting for my order to be taken. (which btw is a big lie, sometimes it happens i'll admit, but this day wasn't one of them, we were on our a game) when i finally reach the order box i am greeted by a insanely rude young lady who basically cuts me off and tells me to pull ahead. when i get to the window i see a young girl, who seemed to be a manager(i was wearing the managers sweater as it was cold out) and she is demanding my money, i politely ask for my order first and before i even get to finish she cuts me off and tells me it's "fucking policy". i'll repeat, never in my life have i received such customer service let alone from a manager. please get back to me and let me know what you can do about this, and please get rid of these awful "managers"." -ah she told me, she was there, and she will be calling the district manager about this. not only did he ruin my day, but he also tried to get me fired. just another day working in the customer service industry.at my work, when you're off the clock, you're allowed to be in employee-only areas of the store, you just aren't allowed to be assisting customers, summoning managers (unless you need one for your own personal shopping reasons) and such. i'm in the front of the store, behind the customer service desk. i hear a lady screech, &gt; l: "excuse me!" i pretty much ignore it, as: 1) i'm off the clock; 2) i'm collecting personal items; and 3) there's three reps behind the desk, all on the clock, and one is doing absolutely nothing. i go to leave the customer service desk through the side door, and this lady is essentially blocking my egress. &gt; l: "i said ***excuse me***, now help me." &gt; me: "sorry ma'am, i can't help you right now. i'm off the clock." &gt; l: "what do you mean you're 'off the clock', boy?" i just walk off at this point. she's treating me in an awful manner and i'm not getting paid to deal with it, so... &gt; l (screeching): "i want your f**king manager!" i just point to the customer service desk and say, &gt; "if you'd like the manager on duty, i'd assume you'd need to ask an employee who is authorized to call for one." &gt; l: "no. you do it." &gt; me: "it's actually illegal for me to do that while i'm off the clock, our company considers that work." the lady huffs and puffs her way to the customer service desk. the mod is called, and the customer walks back over to me and attempts to grab me to make sure i can't go anywhere. the rep behind the desk motions the word "stay" to me, and because the rep is one of my friends, i do. my mod walks up after what seems like an eternity, and asks what the problem is. &gt; l: "your employee is just *awful*. he refuses to help me." &gt; mod: "/u/epiwssa is a customer right now, not an employee." &gt; l: "then why was he in the employee area?" &gt; mod: "employees are allowed in the employee-only areas while off the clock, so long as they're at their home store." &gt; l: "*well then*, i want him removed from the store. he's offending me." &gt; mod: "he's done nothing wrong, ma'am. in fact, as a customer here, he's not even required to acknowledge you." &gt; l: "i don't *care*, woman, i want him formally reprimanded." &gt; mod: "i apologize for the inconvenience that this mistake may have caused you, ma'am, but we're not going to discipline /u/epiwssa in any form here." the lady is seething, and i'm trying to contain myself. the grouchy old woman actually touched me physically while trying to keep me in the area earlier, so as the lady is walking off, i ask the mod: &gt; "hey, would it be possible for us to call the police? i'd like to report an assault by another customer." &gt; mod: "of course, come with me please." the mod knew i was joking, she could see my face. the grouchy old bag turned around and looked at me with horror in her eye. i just winked at her and she shuffled her ass out of the store. tl;dr - woman sees me, i'm not wearing my nametag, and am off clock. lady sees me and asks for help, i accidentally miss her. lady turns into bitcho the clown, legally assaults me into assisting her. manager comes around, explains law and policy, i jokingly ask the manager if we can file a police report, lady shuffles out in paranoia. yes, this is my favorite manager i work with. she's not afraid to tell customers where the bear shits in the woods. sorry, wall of text incoming! i handmake stone cabochons and jewelry, and in the summer i go to local gem and mineral shows, or just events that go on and set up a booth to sell my product as well as mineral (jesus christ, marie!) specimens. one beautiful summer day, i was relaxing with a cold glass of tea and a delicious philly cheese steak sandwich when crotchety old hag (coh) comes up and starts to browse my pendants. she was there for 2 hours, literally picking up every single pendant. over 350 of them. some more than once. finally she picks one up and brings it to me and asks "can you take $10 for this?" now, the rough stone can cost me anywhere from $5 to $150 a lb. we cut and shape using diamond edged saws and grind wheels. add in that they are wrapped in 14k gold fill or sterling silver. and i still mark my product below retail because the local economy couldn't handle anything higher. so i explain all this to her. i walk her through the step by step process to make a pendant, explaining gently and politely that i can't mark a $50 pendant down to $10, but i would happily sell it for $40. she proceeds to go on a tirade, yelling and cursing about how us young folk were trying to rob the older generation and how i should be ashamed to overcharge so much. she then starts to yell at other customers in my booth about how they should buy elsewhere. at this point, i tell coh she needs to leave or i will flag down the officer they always have at these events. coh : thats not your decision to make, kid! go get your superior and see what he says! me: yes ma'am, right away! **i walk into my trailer, have a few more sips of tea, and come back out** me: hello ma'am, i am the owner, what seems to be the problem? coh then throws my pendant at me and walks off muttering to herself. unfortunately for her, the officer happened to be nearby to catch part of the spew of crazy and told her she needs to leave. she then begins another rant as she is less than gently escorted out of the park. tl;dr old biddy can't navigate the great material continuum very well.a while back, when i was sixteen, i had taken a job at a local grocery store. i lived in a small town, and even through the store was quite small, it was the largest one in the county. it was the end of my shift, and i was waiting for the next employee to get out of the break room to take my place on the stool behind the register. the owner refused to allow any employee to work with the register, or with anything in the store, for that matter, after their shift ended. so i was sitting on the stool, struggling to keep myself upright, tired beyond belief, while an impatient customer clicked his heel on the tile across from me. "i'm sorry, sir," i said. *where is leon? he's been in the break room for ten minutes.* "i promise this is just as uncomfortable for me as it is for you." damm, i was tired. twelve hours of checking out customers and i felt like a discombobulated kraken stuck in a net. "why can't you just scan my items?" he asked. "i would if i could." i forced my eyes to stay open. if i still had the strength to yell, i'd give leon a browbeating to befit an insubordinate terrorist in guantanamo bay. "but if the owner found out i worked after my shift ended, he'd be as angry as you are right now." the customer's reply was cut off by the jangle of bells and the slamming of a door. mind buzzing with exhaustion, i look up, yawning into my hand. "what can i do for you, sir." features hidden by a stretched panty hose, he looked quite comical. from a pocket of rough leather, he removed a battered pistol that could have been dropped in a blender. "give me all of it." "oh, shit." i scratched my head. where was leon? why was the man holding a gun? "sir, can you be more specific to what you want?" "all the money." he scratched a scabbed forearm, and pushed the other customer out of the way. "in the cash register. all the money." "oh." i was being robbed. "all of it!" "i'm sorry , sir." not even the gun perturbed my fatigue. "i can't work the cash register after my shift is over." "really?" he faltered back an inch. "yea, sorry for the inconvenience," i said. "fucking hell!" the robber screamed, and sprinted out of the store. i wavered atop the stool for a moment, eyelids declining. the knowledge of what had happened struck me all at once, a speeding truck striking my mind. eyes snapping open, i shreiked as loud as i could. "leon!"hey guys, back with a short tale from your favorite sports stadium! a few years ago i worked retail in a baseball stadium, and generally worked in authentics, which sells game used items. such items include worn jerseys, autographed balls, broken bats and the like. (note: our broken bats are just that, broken. they can have minor or major cracks, sometimes split entirely in two). the authentics store is a small booth around the corner from the main store, and full of very intimidating and expensive items. as such, most children (thankfully) avoid our shop unless they are with their parents. most of the time they are well behaved, but being kids they have a tendency to touch things they shouldn't. one gameday a father and his son came into our booth and started talking sports to my coworker rob. the son was super hyper, fueled by the healthiest cotton candies and sodas our stadium provides. i watched him warily as he ran around touching everything in site. his dad told him to calm down, but was too engaged in conversation to pay much mind. the son wanders over to our broken bats section, picks one up, and starts swinging it around. dad tells him to stop, but too late. the bat goes flying onto the floor of our booth with a loud **crackkk**. cue silence. rob walks over very sternly, picks up the bat, and carefully examines a large (preexisting) crack in the wood. &gt;rob: oh no! you broke this! that costs $90! &gt;dad: *hiding a grin* son, you break it you buy it. do you have the money to pay for that? at this point the son is pale as a ghost and trembling, on the verge of tears. rob, the dad, and myself are trying to hide our smiles. rob goes over to the kid and kneels next to him. &gt;rob: i'll tell you what, i'll let this go this one time. but you have to promise me you'll obey your father and behave in stores. &gt;dad: son, tell the nice man thank you. i hope you learned your lesson! &gt;son: thanks mister! i'm sorry! the dad sent a grateful wink to rob and herded his newly-behaving son back to the game. rob looks at me and laughs. &gt;rob: thats one less kid trying to destroy our store.setting: large, national pet store chain. characters: a husband (h) and wife (w): both in their mid 30's and very heavy me: 25 year old minimum wage slave we were having a slow day, so i was pulled off of the cash registers to walk the sales floor. i pass a couple looking at the dog training collars, so i stop and ask if they need any help. h: you know anything about these shock collars? me: yeah, i can tell you anything that you want to know. i go over all of the different features and types of collars, and i also recommend speaking with our on site trainers about getting into some classes if their dog is having some behavioral issues. w: thanks for the all of the help. oh! look hun! his name is jasonsteelflex too h: nice name dude! me: ha ha, i knew there was something i liked about you h: dude, do you want to see your name on her ass?! me: what? no. h: naw man, you need to see this me: seriously, i'm good all of a sudden his wife turns around and he pulls down her pants in the middle of the aisle. lo and behold, my name is right there across her ass me: ...what the fuck man... w: look, he doesn't know what to say! i think we embarrassed him! h: ha ha, told you it was there dude they walked away laughing while i stood there just trying to figure out if that had really just happened to me3 years ago i worked for a small cell phone company. i was the only employee in one of their retail stores located in the middle of nowhere, texas. relevant to the story: with this company, there existed a feature called bill cycle reset. basically, if your bill was due on the 1st and you didn't pay it until the 20th, you could pay the company an extra $5 or so to get the billing cycle changed to the 20th instead of being due again on the 1st. one evening, a woman came in to make her (very late) payment and request a bill cycle reset. since she had been suspended, i told her it might take up to 20 mins for her service to switch on and to be able to request that reset. she said it was no big deal, that she'd just go to the restaurant next door to get a bite to eat in the meantime. i agree, and remind her that she has to come back today or we won't be able to do it. she dismisses me with a wave of her hand and leaves. fast forward two hours later. i got caught up watching something on netflix and actually forgot about closing the store, locking the doors 20 minutes after our usual closing time. the next day, in comes the same woman from the day before. she says she's ready to submit that reset request, and i go into a script i know all too well by then: me: sorry ma'am, i was only able to submit that request yesterday as it was the day you made your payment. there's nothing i can do now. customer: what! i told you i was coming back! you're resetting my dates or i'm closing my account! me: yes, you told me you were returning yesterday. today is too late. c: well... what if i called corporate and told them you closed your doors early yesterday? i came back, you just left early because you're a lazy employee! me: ...i was actually here later than usual. besides, we have cameras that will show that i did no such thing. (i point to the eight cameras my boss had set up around the store) this wipes the smirk off her face. she suddenly looks very solemn. c: mija, god will punish you if you don't help out your fellow christians. you will go to hell if you continue to be so selfish and unforgiving. i have no idea what to say at this point. you run into a lot of 'characters' in small towns in texas, but this lady... me: um... well, i'm not christian ma'am. so i don't believe that's relevant. c: oh? what are you then? me: ...satanist. she left without a word, and i never saw her again. i hope she got that whole billing thing straightened out.so i am a recent college graduate from a television broadcasting/ media course. so far this summer i haven’t had a whole lot of luck with finding jobs as a freelance videographer. i have been applying everywhere and finally got contacted by an employer 2 weeks ago for my first freelance gig out of college. as i was discussing with my employer what kind of equipment i have and what i could do, i realized that for this job, i would need a new piece of equipment for my camera that was quite a bit of money. i knew it cost around $400 and that being a broke college grad, i have barely any money. so i check my bank account to see if theres any possibility that i can go and get this new piece of equipment that i need. it was payday for my minimum wage, part time job and somehow i had $440 in my account. so off the camera store i go. i get to the local camera store and talk to the first "customer service representative" i see, an old guy who we’ll call ed. i say hey this is what im looking for what do you have? so he takes me over to the product and starts showing it to me. we start talking about what i’m doing and how i’m a recent college grad who just got there first job and how i’m putting everything i have into this equipment so i can do this job. i tell him about what i’m filming and how im driving over 500km the next day just to do this job. &gt;me: great, awesome, that is exactly what i need. how much is it going to be after tax? &gt;ed: 460.65 &gt;me: damn ok let me check my bank i think i only have $440. &gt;ed: ok here how bout this, you tell me what you have in your bank and i’ll make it work. im just an old guy who is retired and doesn’t give a shit about commission. i just do this to keep me busy. i’ll see how low i can bring it. &gt;me: wow awesome thanks man! ya i only have $440.00 (show him my phone) &gt;ed: ok so the total is now $440.65. do you have any change on you? &gt;me: ya in the car let me go grab it quick. so i go out to the car and start looking. i left about $5 in change in there the night before so it shouldn’t be a problem. except that its gone, nothing. no quarters under the seat, no dimes, nothing. you have to be kidding me right!? so i start calling my mom to see if she can e-transfer me $5 so i can get this equipment. no answer. call again, no answer. call again, no answer. wow. this would happen. 65 cents short of getting this thing and somebody stole my change. as i’m building up the courage to stand in front of the beer store and pan handle for a dollar, ed comes running out of the store, finds me in my car and does this.. &gt;ed: here’s a loonie. i couldn’t let you walk away from a deal like that because of a dollar. &gt;me: dude, you are the biggest life saver ever, thank you so much. &gt;ed: don’t worry man i’m just an old guy who doesn’t give a shit about the commission and i can tell you’re a good kid just trying to get a break into the industry. &gt;me: man thank you soooo much. so we go back into the store to pay. meanwhile i’m thanking this guy the whole way. &gt;ed: alright so thats going to be $440 on debit. &gt;me: awesome thanks man so much. &gt;ed: hang on. let me do one more thing. it’ll be our little secret... &gt;me: ok.... &gt;ed: so thats going to be $400 on debit. &gt;me: isnt it (gets cut off) &gt;ed: shhhhhhhhhhhhh (proceeds to take out his wallet, take $40 out and put it in the cash register.) &gt;me: dude you are amazing. &gt;ed: well i couldn’t let you leave here completely broke could i? you’re going to need money for gas and food. &gt;me: ed, you are the greatest guy ever thank you so much. &gt;ed: i’m just some old guy who wants to pay it forward. i don’t give a shit about the commission. have fun with your new equipment and i wish you the best of luck with your career. just do one thing for me. &gt;me: whats that? &gt;ed: when you get the chance to pay it forward when you’re older, do it. &gt;me: yes sir! thank you so so so so so much! &gt;ed: have fun tomorrow! so i walk out of this store with a new piece of camera equipment that would have normally cost $465. ed took his $25 commission off and then paid $41 out of his own pocket so i could get it and still have gas money to get to my shoot the next day. as much as the retail industry sucks, there truly is great people in it. because of this new piece of equipment, i have been able to secure more freelance positions and my client base is slowly starting to grow and i am making a name for myself. all because some old guy who doesn’t give a shit about commission, decided to pay it forward. at my last 9-to-5, the owners of my shop also owned a pre-owned sporting goods resale shop next door. the guys over there would hop next door and chat with us while it was slow, we were all on friendly terms. i went away for vacation and when i came back, boy was there gossip. "greg," one of the friendliest and most helpful employees, had been fired. funny thing was, greg had *also* been on vacation, out of state for a family reunion. he came back into our shop a couple months later and i got the whole story. you see, the store manager next door was boss' son. like many beneficiaries of nepotism, he practically got away with murder. showing up late or not showing up for shifts, opening shop late, disappearing for half the day, "borrowing" things for his rec softball team, all that good stuff. bs also had a habit of calling his employees to cover shifts at the last minute -- an hour or less of lead time. greg, as i mentioned, had his vacation approved in advance, all the paperwork in order, tickets purchased, bags packed, everything was gravy. the day he's set to fly out, he gets a text from bs telling him he needs to get to the shop asap to cover bs's shift. (not that bs was sick or had some important business function to perform. he just had a date.) no can do, obviously -- greg isn't going to reschedule a flight at the last minute just to cover bs's ass. so greg texts back and tells him that since the vacation was approved by bs himself as of two months ago, he won't be coming in. bs, being the mature and responsible manager he is, sucks it up and covers the shift himself. ... hahaha, just kidding. no. he fires greg via text, instead. greg, he takes it in stride. goes on vacation, gets back, and instead of heading to work, heads right to the unemployment office to file a claim for wrongful dismissal, paperwork and copies of texts in hand. then he goes to a friend who worked for the city and gets a much more lucrative and rewarding job, same day. nice thing was, when all was said and done, he won his suit for wrongful dismissal, and *still got awarded monthly unemployment payments despite already having another job*. apparently, in this state the unemployment office does a routine conference call with employees and employers when verifying claims, just to get both sides of the story at once. bs was blatant and unashamed of his actions, proudly admitting his role in the matter. of course it's not like bs was punished in any way. as far as i know, he still manages that place... badly.gas station story! i'm preaching to the choir, but it's not uncommon for people to have no idea what they're doing when buying lottery tickets. a customer walks in and starts filling out a mega millions bet slip. i run it through our machine and print his tickets, 3 mega millions tickets with the multiplier. &gt;**me:** "your total is $6.00." &gt;**guy:** "six? no it should be nine." i show him his ticket, $6.00 is clearly printed on it. &gt;**guy:** "oh, i wanted you to run my slip as powerball, sorry." (i guess it's my fault for not reading his mind.) &gt;**me:** "um, that's not how the machines work. i'll actually have you fill out a powerball slip for that." &gt;**guy:** "okay, can you cancel these tickets for me?" (oh boy) &gt;**me:** "no, i'm afraid these tickets are unable to be cancelled once i print them." &gt;**guy:** "...so what you're saying is there *is* a way to cancel them, but you just don't know how to do it?" (what?) &gt;**me:** "no, they can't be cancelled at all. in fact there's a warning screen specifically saying these tickets can't be cancelled." &gt;**guy:** "no i'm pretty sure there's a way. i've cancelled tickets in the past." &gt;**me:** "um, that must've been for a different type of lottery. megamillions can't be cancelled." &gt;**guy:** "so i have to buy these now?" &gt;**me:** "...yes." &gt;**guy:** "...okay, that's fine. sorry, i don't play lotto often." tl;dr: customer doesn't take no for an answer, assumes i must be incompetent.**warning: nsfw language** hey all, this is a story from many years ago back when i used to work at a electronics / computer / appliance / media retailer. sorry it's so long. i get verbose sometimes. the backstory: apparently a man and wife came in and wanted to purchase a refrigerator. they found a couple they liked for something around $1000. they picked one, and paid for it on their credit card. they set it up to be delivered some time a few days later. no real issues at this point. the next day the woman came back in. they decided they had changed their minds, and didn't want that specific refrigerator anymore, and wanted to think about switching to the other one they liked instead. no problem. delivery was canceled. this is where the core problem occurred: she neglected to bring the credit card (presumably her husband's) they had originally paid with back in. at this time (i don't know if it's different now... i haven't worked there in over a decade), we could only process a credit card return if we had the original card to put the money back on. she didn't have it, and they lived an hour away. a manager was called over. this manager told the woman (in front of two different customer service reps) that, because she didn't have the credit card, we could only process the return for store credit (unless, of course, she made the two hour round trip to grab the credit card). the woman was not happy about this, but agreed, since they were planning on buying a refrigerator with that money anyway. as the manager was processing the return, he very specifically said something along the lines of, "just so you know, after the close of business today, we will no longer be able to undo this transaction. you will be stuck with the store credit and there's absolutely no way for us to get this money back onto your credit card, give it back to you in cash, etc. if you want the money back on the credit card, you need to show back up here to the store with the credit card before the end of the day, and then we have a way we'll be able to put the money back on the card. after the close of business though, there's literally nothing we can do to get the money back on the card." the woman acknowledged this, accepted the store credit voucher, and went on her way. now, here's where i come in: the next day, i'm working loss prevention for the store, standing at the front, checking receipts, monitoring cameras, etc. nothing out of the usual was happening, when all of a sudden i hear a loud commotion coming from the customer service desk. a woman is yelling at one of the customer service representatives something along the lines of "you guys are thieves! give me back my money!" it was the woman from the day before. at this point, i have no idea what the situation is, though. i ask someone to cover the desk for me, and head over to see what is going on. the manager who had helped her out the day before happened to be there. he arrived at customer service desk at the same time i did. apparently when her husband got home from work that night (after we had already closed), he informed her that he had already purchased another refrigerator from one of our competitors, assuming she would be able to handle the return of the one they had purchased from us. she informed him of the store credit situation, and he got pissed. she was sent back to try to do the return she was already informed would be impossible. the manager did what he could to calm the woman down. she was screaming and crying and talking about how we robbed them of her money, etc. the manager reminded the woman of the conversation they had the day before. of course, she accused the manager of lying and said he never told her anything like that. however, he had witnesses, and in addition, that exact policy was spelled out in plain english on both her receipt, and the wall right next to her. it was literally impossible for him to process the return now that the close of business had come and gone. at this point, she had $1000 store credit, and you can't return store credit. he apologized, but said there was nothing he could do, and asked her to step aside if she didn't have any other business. she stepped aside, but then just started swearing at every customer as they approached the customer service desk. "don't fucking buy anything from these assholes. they will steal your fucking money." at the point, i had to ask her to leave as she was causing a disturbance. she complied, but on her way out yelled, "i am calling my husband. wait until he gets here. you fuckers will all pay." fast forward a few hours, and in storms the most irate looking man i've ever seen in my life. face beet red... fists clenched... looking like he's ready to punch the first person who says a word to him. he's not a big dude or anything... but he. looks. pissed. he storms up to me and (to his credit), quite calmly says, "please point me towards customer service." i point. he heads off that way. i know there's going to be trouble at this point, so i call back to the warehouse and ask for the biggest guys back there to come up to the front. i lucked out. we had a guy back there who was about 6'4" probably 400 lbs and another who was about 6'1" 250. at this point, i was about 6'1" and maybe 180. together, we were a formidable enough force that i figured we'd be able to handle whatever happened. i got someone to cover the desk and headed over to customer service. by the time i get there, the dude is already screaming his ass off at some poor 19 year old customer service rep, who is desperately trying to get anyone's attention to come help her. the manager gets there just as i do, again, and tries to calm the man down. the man isn't hearing a word of it, though. he throws the credit card and store credit voucher in the customer service reps face and says "if that money doesn't get back on that card in the next two minutes, something bad is going to happen." well, he was right. i approach the man from behind, and i see the two guys from the warehouse jogging up. the manager says, "sir, your wife was informed of our return policies when she processed the return. there's literally nothing anyone here in the store can do for you." the man replies, "bullshit. you guys can do it. and you will do it." my manager, "sir, i assure you we literally can't. the system won't allow it. there's nothing we can do. you need to leave." the man says, "no. fuck that. i'm not leaving until i get my money. i don't care how. pull $1000 cash out of the drawer. i don't care. give me my fucking money." my manager says, "sir, we can't help you. the corporate number is on your original receipt. maybe they can do something. we can't do it here. you need to calm down and leave the premises now." the guy says, "i'm not going anywhere. fuck you." manager says, "i have now asked you to leave. if you don't leave the premises in the next 10 seconds, i'm calling the police and having you arrested for trespassing." the guy responds, "fuck you. call them. i don't give a fuck." so the manager picks up the phone and starts dialing. meanwhile, the dude starts screaming at the customer service rep again, who just looks like a deer in headlights. i say firmly, "sir, you have been asked to leave. you are trespassing. it is really in your best interest to leave now before things get worse." this apparently startled him. he didn't know i was there. he quickly turns and swings at me. luckily for me, the dude was off balance and threw a terrible punch, so i was able to dodge out of the way of it. i charge him and slam him into the customer service desk. the other two dudes from the warehouse jump in and we wrestle the guy to the ground, where the 400 lbs dude just holds him down. the guy hilariously squirms and flails beneath the weight of this huge guy, swearing up a storm, "ah fuck you get off me fuck you pieces of shit... fucking assholes!" this lasted for a couple of minutes. after realizing he's not nearly strong enough to get out of the situation, he starts to calm down and bargain. "okay, okay... you're right... i should just go. just let me up and i'll leave calmly." my manager, having gotten off the phone with the police at this point, says, "we gave you plenty of chances for that. you decided not to go. at this point, you assaulted one of my employees, and you are going to go to jail." and went to jail he did. he was charged with battery (for throwing the cards in the customer service rep's face), assault (for verbal threats such as "something bad is going to happen" and swinging at me), and trespassing (failing to leave the premises when ordered). he plead guilty across the board. i never heard what his sentence was. and that's the time i was assaulted because of a refrigerator.i still am in disbelief that this actually happenned...i worked a morning shift from 10-3 at a shoe store in a very busy mall. this couple comes in our store with their 4/5 year old daughter and asks to try on a pair of [pink bailey bow uggs]( i come back with the shoe for her and asks &gt;can you take her shoes off and put the ugg on for her? which is really weird that she or her husband couldnt take her shoe off instead of some random worker at a shoe store...so i get on my knees to take off her shoes and put the 2 ugg's infront of me and right under the bench the girl is sitting on. after i take the first shoe off, i hear a weird noise and look down and she fucking pissed herself on the bench and, because our benches are porous, it got all over my shoes and the brand new uggs. the family is apologizing and saying how sorry they are, and i was telling them that its not a problem, let me just get my manager so you guys can pay for the uggs your daughter just fucking pee'd on, and they look at me and walk out of the store. i got my manager from the back and he called mall security, but they were never caught. im hoping one day the pee pants caper will be found and convicted of her wrong doings. our landlord is a jerk so we've had a roof that's leaked like a sieve for 5 years. finally, work is being done on the roof and it's a little noisy, but when it rains i don't have to cover the sales floor with buckets and wet floor signs. progress is being made. you can hear the roofers up top, banging around with hammers, using saws, using some other machine that makes the dmmmmmm sounds from disaster movie previews and general loud thuds when they move roofing materials around or onto the roof. you can actually see the telescopic handler and hydraulic lift cart scooting around the plaza, along with a big box truck that has the roofer's name on the side of the truck. on to my boss (b) and a dense customer (dc): &gt;*::loud thud::* &gt;dc: oh my god! what's that noise!? it's soooo annoying. &gt;b: there's roofers. we won't have a leaky roof this winter. &gt;dc: are you sure it's safe to have people in here? &gt;b: actually, the roofers are just a cover story i made up to keep you from panicking. the sky is literally falling. my employees and i have resolved to continue serving you up until the very end, but you should probably go home to be with your loved ones. &gt;*dc glares at my boss with a look between stunned disbelief and annoyed disdain.* &gt;b: you're perfectly safe here. we wouldn't be open otherwise. funny and he pays me to be here. what more could you ask for?i work in a small convenience store that gets a rush of customers at around 4pm, 6pm and 7pm. we usually have 3 people who work tills and the floor (stocking shelves) and one manager. tonight there was one girl who was on who was known for being a bit of a talker and i personally find her really annoying. i like to work the floor as much as possible while she does tills and it works out alright for both of us. during our 6pm rush, the girl's mother (who is also a regular) comes in, picks up a couple of things and goes to the register, waiting to be served by her daughter. im standing in line, waiting to buy food for me to eat while on break when suddenly my coworker motions for me to come out of the line and she runs out the back area, red in the face. weird, but alright. i push through the queue as politely as i can and work through the line of customers, while her mother walks around to our back area. then i hear the scream. and the crying. really loud, uncomfortable crying. i rush through the line as fast as i can so i can go out and see whats wrong, and as the line dies off, i go out the back. there she is, bawling her eyes out. my manager is offering her a ride home (she was in no state to drive) and her mother was trying to comfort her, and failing. she ended up just gathering her stuff and walking out with her mother who drove her home. i asked my manager about it and learned the story. her mother had decided that it was a fantastic idea to go in during the middle of her daughter's shift at her job which gives her hardly any shifts already and in the middle of a rush to tell her daughter that her father (the girls grandfather) had passed away. just then. i got very very angry when i heard that. first of all, could the mother have not chosen a better time to tell her daughter such horrible news?? secondly, now her car is stranded in the parking lot, and its going to be annoying to get it to her home. thirdly, did her mother not think that it was embarrassing to her daughter to cry in front of so many people?? and also why would you put her in a worse situation financially?? each shift makes a difference to her. so horrible. im very, very angry at the mother of my coworker. sorry for bad formatting, im on mobile, tired from my shift and very frustrated.i have worked at a grocery store for the past 5 1/2 years and have a bunch of favorite regulars. last night a regular customer (every day regular) comes through my till carrying his 2 1/2 year old son who is being cheeky and adorable as usual. he suddenly gets excited, and shakes his dad 's shoulder and says, "buffitron has boob-boobs!" at first i thought i misheard him, but he repeats himself. he then points right at me, very excited at this revelation and says "buffitron, you have boob-boobs! you have boob-boobs!" his dad is trying to shush him and says "yes, i think buffitron knows this." his son felt the need to tell him about two more times still. the dad apologized and explained that they had just had a conversation about private parts. i was in hysterics the whole time, the poor dad was embarrassed. it made my evening though. tldr; a toddler informed me that i have boob-boobs.long time lurker, first time poster. so i apologize if the formatting is bad. some of the fast food stories here gave me old flashbacks to my days working fast food. background: i worked at a well known fast food chain and the store was one of the busiest in the area. i often worked the late night crew and we closed at 3am. all late night crew wear headsets to help speed up making the food as only two people are working the line. the story: it's been a slow night. we've had time to clean most of the stuff and get everything ready for close. 3am rolls around and we lock the drive thru window, then go about putting away food that we keep and tossing the rest. roughly 3:25am, a car pulls into the drive thru. at this time our automated message starts talking the usual message about us being closed, thank you for choosing us but please come back tomorrow. instead of driving away, the driver starts ordering. m = manager. cu = customer &gt; cu: yeah can i get a number 4, with a large soda at this point my manager talks to them thru the headset &gt; m: sir we are closed for the night. you will have to come back tomorrow &gt; cu: what do you mean? we are hungry! &gt; m: we are sorry, but most of our food has been put away. we can't even make what you want. &gt; cu: you can still make it! just pull the food back out. &gt; m: we can't. have a great night sir. at this point we assume thats the end and go back to cleaning, but it's never that easy. we hear a banging sound at our drive thru window. we all look to see a car sitting there, with a familer sounding voice yelling about how we need to make their food because they are hungry. &gt; m: sir, we are closed. we can't even make your food if we wanted to. &gt; cu: you need to make our food! we got like 5 people here. thats like $30 you can make! you need that, and we need food. so serve us! &gt; m: sir, this is the busiest chain in the district. we don't need your money, and we couldn't even if we wanted to. now leave. finally the car understood that they weren't getting any food and left. do they just assume we can magically pull food out of thin air? some of the prep time for their order takes an hour or two, so we couldn't even if we wanted to. tl;dr: customer comes after we're closed, demands we serve them without ingredients to make food. i work in a strip mall. the collection of stores consists of very few name brand places, and several mom-and-pop style stores that provide a number of obscure or unexpected services. while i work in one of the actual retail chains, this one comes from one of our across the hall neighbors- a aromatherapy/candle store, one of the mom and pop businesses. business is carrying on as usual for them (which is to say, actually quite brisk). of course, the problem customer arrives- a middle aged man looking for dinner candles. however, the request quickly becomes incredibly specific: he is looking for red candles that are exactly seven inches, pointed, and were packaged in a way that "displayed dinners with wine on the little cardboard thing." now, with something that esoteric, the cashiers went ahead and checked around. however, in the back room the owner was taking some stock, and gave the cashier in the back room the news- they had never sold seven inch candles like that, it was all for aromatherapy stuff and 9-10 in. candles. the only "tall" ones they had were scented too. the cashier returned with a set of red candles which had been shrink wrapped (not factory produced or anything), and the customer actually gets insulted. they could not be above seven inches, nor could they be scented. he then insisted that the candle store was the last place he had gotten them "a few years back." he starts to get irate, slapping his hands on the countertops for each syllable, and getting louder (like doing so will somehow make these candles materialize, or make the cashiers realize they are wrong in some way for these things not existing). he gets increasingly angrier, reducing the small store's registers to 1 instead of 2 as he occupies one and refuses to move unless he gets these very specific seven inch, red dinner candles with the picture on the front. "no, no, i got them here. this was the only place i got them!" the supervisor gets involved. he tries to explain the only thing they have are the ones the cashier brought up. the man falls back on his previous argument of "no, i know i got them here!" and in general being so flustered it's making customers leave the store. this carries on for almost two hours. two. hours. every cashier has been involved, and the supervisor. even we, across the way, can see this as it unfolds through the glass windows. finally, another guy comes up from behind all the other customers behind the register with a set of the red candles. he asks the cashier for a ruler, measures them out, and bites the flat ends off. he slams them down onto the counter and yells "here's your f***ing candles! now since i know you can take more than seven inches back there when the stick is out, take em and get out." the candle-biter storms out in a huff, swearing up a storm. the guy turns back to the cashier group and gets really pissed. he screams at them, as if they have wronged him somehow. "i want to talk to your owner!" the supervisor shrugs, bewildered, and says: "you just did."so i'm an assistant manager for a big national storage chain. (not the orange one). today was really slow right up til my manager took his lunch break. suddenly i am swamped. i bust out some rentals and unit transfers. i go through the rental process with this polite middle aged hispanic woman. i finish up the lease and take her to her unit. on the way back down afterward she tells me on the elevator, "thank you. you were so nice." and i tell her i appreciate hearing that. then she slides up to me and says, "and you have a nice..." and full on grabs my junk! the pillar and the stones! i throw my hands up and muster my strength and stammer, "uhh...no?" and she steps back and says sorry and i say, "yeah...not cool." she asks if i have a girlfriend or something and i say yeah. the elevator opens and we walk back toward the office quietly and then she says quietly, "so...i just use this code to get through the gate?" i tell her yes and as soon as she is out of the store i tell my manager who has just returned from lunch what happened, clocked out for lunch, and ate some mac and cheese to make myself feel better post molestation. i guess friendly customer service just brings out the worst in some people.this is the tale of how i got my job at the car wash. not to much background for this one! i had been looking for a job for awhile and been sending my resume this way and that. saw the add on a job site, emailed in my resume. told to come in for an interview on such and such date, no time just some time that day. **arriving on the day of the interview** i get there and the place is wrapped around the little lane all the way to the street, but nobody's moving. i see a little cashier's booth and make my way over in the hopes of finding an employee. however, the booth was empty. i stood around kinda lost for a bit, something like 10 minutes. i eventually go over and open the door to the main building only to be confronted with lots of back end machinery and pumps and figured i should just wait by the booth rather then nose my way around. at this point the line of cars is really rowdy. people are honking trying to move and being stubborn. thankfully an employee came out a little while later and he starts trying to get people to back out of there. i see an opportunity to get myself a good word in and start helping him get people out. once we have everyone out of there he finally turns to me. &gt;&gt;him: you're the guy that has interview today right? &gt;&gt;me: yes, that would be me. &gt;&gt;him: well, it might be awhile, we are having some major problems with the wash. (hands me a clipboard and an actual application form) why don't you fill this out. &gt;&gt;me: alright! no rush, i don't want to make myself inconvenient. i fill out the form while he stands at the window telling anyone who shows up that the wash is temporarily closed for maintenance. a few minutes pass and he keeps glancing inside, obviously worried. &gt;&gt;me: i can finish filling this out and tell people about the closure if you want to go inside and help. &gt;&gt;him: really? &gt;&gt;me: yeah, no trouble. i'll be waiting here either way. the guy rushes inside, leaving me to deal with customers. i finish the form rather quickly. i stay at the booth politely and calmly telling anyone who shows up about the closure/delay and bid them a good day. 20 minutes later the employee who was working the booth runs out. &gt;&gt;him: hey man! the mechanics almost got everything up and running. you're pretty much a sure hire now, the manager was really impressed when i told him how you were already helping out. &gt;&gt;me: glad to hear it! thanks for putting in a good word. not 5 minutes later the manager comes out introduces himself and i do the same. he looks me up and down, pauses for a second and says "you're hired. welcome to the team!".i was a cashier at a grocery store and had an uncomfortable situation happen. the line was slow and a man came to my line, followed by another man (crazy man, or cm). cm stood really close to the first guy, so i naturally assumed they were together. i finished the first guy's order and turned to organize plastic bags next to me, thinking both had left. cm caught my attention and i apologized, then this exchange happened. &gt;cm: you were ignoring me. &gt;me: i apologize sir. do you want paper or plastic bags today? &gt;cm: you are so rude. you ignored me. &gt;me: paper or plastic? &gt;cm: plastic. *glares* you ignored me. i don't like you. &gt;me: i apologize again. i thought you were with- &gt;cm: you ignored me!!! this went on the whole transaction. after minutes of cm glaring and saying i was ignoring him he finally left, still glaring at me as he left. i leaned on my register and put my head in my hands, frustrated, when the bagger leans over and says "syntheticaura, you're ignoring me." i don't think cm ever came back, but his quote became a running joke among my coworkers.when i was working with this particular company (henceforth called abc) we were running a promotion with a local lingerie store for breast cancer awareness. we, abc, ran the promotion, founds sponsors, contacted the city for appropriate permits, bought signage, etc. it was called bras across the bridge. people donated their new/gently used bras and received a coupon for the lingerie store, and a donation was made to our local cancer foundation. we strung up the bras across the city's bridge with signs on either side identifying it. a fairly simple, effective promotion, right? everyone loved it. newspapers and tv crews came to cover it, everyone thought it was a great idea. then i get the call every employee dreads. me: "good afternoon, abc, this is eskimo speaking." angry dad (ad): "hi, i just wanted to call about your bra promotion." me: "oh okay, how can i help you?" ad: "i think you should take them down, it's disgusting." me: "umm...i'm sorry?" ad: "they're **disgusting.** i have children you know! how can you let children see people's dirty laundry?" me: "i'm sorry you think that, i assure you the bras are either new or slightly used. this is a promotion for breast cancer awareness, and proceeds are going to support that." ad (more agitated): **"i have children. this is disgusting. you need to take them down immediately. my children go by them on the bus everyday and how could you expose them to this vulgarity."** this went on for several minutes, him demanding us to take them down and me explaining why we were doing this. i am pretty calm under pressure, in fact i brought over my co-workers so they could hear the shit this guy was spewing. we muted the phone and were laughing and this grabbed the attention of my boss. my boss is a pretty level headed guy. he's got a sense of humour, he's fair with all his workers and clients and everyone gets along with him. he's enjoying this tirade at first. it finally gets to a point where i'm just repeating "sir, this is for breast cancer awareness, this is breast cancer awareness *month,* we will be taking down the bras at the end of the month." angry dad is still yelling and he's getting on my last nerve. my boss was picking up on this and told me to give him the call. i ask angry dad if he'd like to speak to a manager and of course he agrees. at this point i can only hear my boss' side of the conversation. boss: "yes, this is boss, manager of abc, what seems to be the problem?" *ad ramblings* boss (slightly agitated): "october is breast cancer awareness month, all of the proceeds go to the local cancer foundation." *ad ramblings* boss (more agitated, face turning slightly red): "calm down. these bras are either new or slightly used. they aren't dirty. again, we are doing this for a good cause." *ad ramblings* boss (fully agitated, face now a deep red): "this is for *breast. cancer. awareness.* we **are not** taking down the bras. how would *you* feel if a loved one was diagnosed with breast cancer?" *ad rambles for at least five minutes* boss (full on rage mode, veins visibly popping from forehead): **"we aren't taking the fucking bras down because you haven't taught your children the difference between men and women. bras are clothing. if your children don't know what a bra is, they've got bigger problems. this is breast cancer awareness month, i suggest you teach them that. don't call back here you fucking idiot."** my boss then promptly hangs up on angry dad and storms out from his office past my desk and rants, "i just don't know how some fucking people can convert oxygen into shit." **tl;dr** bras are evil and shall be defeated by [angry dad.](i am a sales associate at a jewelry store known for our charm bracelets. i started a month ago, so they still make me wear my "trainee" tag, just incase someone gets angry with me. i sometimes feel like customers take advantage of me because of this, but either way, i make my own sales and deal with customers by myself. now, for the past month, everyone has been very understanding and patient with my work. customers and co-workers alike. however, this one older woman came in the other day and completely destroyed the way i see my job. *woman walks in. i can tell she is wealthy by all her gold jewelry.* me: hello ma'am, what brings you in today? woman: hi, i saw that you have a white braided leather bracelet. me: sure, i'd be happy to show you our leather bracelets, although the closest color to white that we carry would be the champagne. woman: okay, let me see it. *i go around the jewery showcase and pull out the standard champagne leather bracelet.* woman: no, that's not the one i saw on the advertisement. me: i'm sorry about that. do you remember how many times it wrapped around the wrist? we have the single and the double bracelets in this color. *i pull out the double-wrapped bracelet.* woman: no, it was thick and it was white, not champagne! me: like i said before, we don't carry our leather bracelets in the color white. they also only come in one standard width. woman: this is preposterous! why would your advertisement lie?!!! me: i'm very sorry about that. may i ask where you saw the advertisement? woman: in [insert name of large department store chain here]! me: that department store is not qualified to sell our jewelry. you might have saw an ad for another brand. woman: i have known the owner of this store for 30 years and i will have you fired! *that escalated quickly...* me: you are free to talk to [the owner] about my performance. i'm sorry that i couldn't help you today. woman: you do not deserve this job! *my manager realizes what is happening and i step away. the woman had to be taken out of our store by security.* honestly, did she think i was lying to her or something? also, i spoke to the owner of the store and he said that she's crazy and not to worry about her. ughhhhh it's just so frustrating! edit: wow, this blew up! i'm checking in with you guys while on break. ;) thanks for all the supportive comments!i was working my department, when a couple of customers walked back and were browsing around. i had my arm pretty much up to my pit in a fish tank scrubbing algae and smiled and nodded to the customers who were a little far to actually say hi to. from behind me i hear "do you work here?!" in such a snotty tone that i was torn between being annoyed and impressed. biting back a *here's your sign* remark, i turn around, greet the woman, confirm that i'm not just some weird fish tank diving customer, and answer her question about what to feed koi. she seemed satisfied with my answer and walked away without another word. i go off to make sure the other customers were finding everything okay. as i was in the middle of talking to another customer about the best substrate for her new axolotl and what to feed it, from behind me i hear mrs perfect snotty tone interrupt me mid sentence with "do we have to catch these fish ourselves?!" bitch please, calm down aka *"sorry about that ma'am, be right with you and i'll catch your fish."* after ensuring my axolotl customer was good, i turn around and walk past snotty to get to the fish tanks and as soon as i walked past her indulged myself in a full blown eye roll. only to notice a man staring. right. at. me. oops... and then snotty walked up to him and it became clear he was her husband. double oops. i catch the woman her fish, laying on the little southern girl charm, even get her to laugh and by the end she thanked me and walked away happy. the entire time i was shooting nervous glances at the husband to try to gauge his reaction but he didn't seem to care about my reaction to his wife one way or the other. he never did say anything that i know of. maybe he knows who he married.hello, tfr! my last story really had nothing to do with my job specifically, but this one, oh this one...just happened a few hours ago, and i'll write it while it's fresh on my mind. as i stated in my previous tale, i work in the deli department of the big-box retailer in my town. we do specialty trays, vegetable, sandwich, you name it - we do it. now, all trays, no matter hot or cold, we ask for at least 24 hours notice on orders, so we can prepare the next day's crew, and get the cold trays for the next day out of the way. now, onto the story. yesterday, i took a lady's order over the phone for a cubed cheese tray (let's call the lady entitled twatwaffle, or **et** for short. now, et was polite while i was taking her order, very specific in what she wanted, and was very grateful for taking her order and repeating it as we went along in our conversation. seemed like a nice enough lady, assumed she'd be an easy customer. fast forward to today. it was around 2 pm, i was ready to go to lunch, it'd been a long day (tax-free weekend, and the last day of summer vacation here). the phone rings. my coworkers were swamped with customers, so i quickly answered. the conversation goes as follows: me: thank you for calling the [redacted] deli, how may i help you today? et: hi, i called for a tray yesterday, and i was supposed to pick it up earlier, and i'm running a bit late. me: oh, okay! what was the name on the order? et: twatwaffle. me: ah, yes, you ordered our cubed cheese tray, correct? et: yes, ma'am. me: okay, well what can i do for you? et: well, i'm running a bit behind today, and i'm on my way there right now, i was wondering if there was any way you could take my tray to the customer service desk so i can just pay for it and go. **note**: this wasn't a problem. our deli is in the very back of our store, and i honestly didn't feel any issue with running an order to the front for a customer. me: yes ma'am i can do that for you! if you will just call us when you arrive, i, or someone else, can meet you at the service desk with your tray! et: oh, well i was also going to see if you could pick up two cases of bottled water, the store brand, my balloons from the produce department, oh, and two medium sized watermelons on your way. me: ...excuse me? et: well, i mean, you're going to pass all those things on your way to the service desk, you might as well. me: well, ma'am, i'm sorry, but i can't do your shopping for you. et: ugh. well you're bringing my tray up, you might as well. me: (at this point, i'm grimacing and mouthing to my friend/coworker that i'm going to kill myself) ma'am, i apologize, but we're extremely swamped and shorthanded as it is, and i'm doing you a huge favor just taking your tray up front, i really don't want to take much more time than i can. at this point, my manager can hear the frustration in my voice. she stands beside me as i'm arguing with this insufferable asshat. et: you're inconveniencing me! i don't have time to walk all over the store for those things! i need to speak to your manager right now, young lady! i hand the phone over to my manager. now, my manager is a no-nonsense lady. she's yelled at customers for being rude to us before, so i have no doubt in my mind this situation will be the same. i'll call her badass manager, or **bm** for short. bm: this is the bm, deli manager, how may i help you? all i can hear is yelling through the earpiece, i heard a few "stupid"s and "rude"s in the mixture. maybe a "lazy" or two. bm: ma'am, my employees are not your personal shoppers. now, unless you are disabled, my employees have no reason to do your shopping for you. caticorns was doing you a favor by agreeing to take your tray up front for you. but since you've been nothing but rude, you can walk back here and pick it up yourself. and with that, she hung up on et. bm let me go to lunch to cool down (i get pretty angry and quick, bm could see it in my face that i was about to snap). the only thing my coworkers told me was that et was in no way disabled. she was in her mid to late 20s, dressed as nice as they come, with no obvious disabilities. they informed me that she just sheepishly asked for her tray and walked away. tl;dr get your own goddamned groceries. for some time i worked in a college bookstore, first as the assistant manager, then later as the big cheese. this is a story from when i was the assistant. i came in just as the third keyholder opened the door, and in his usual tactful manner, he said "ducks, you look terrible." he wasn't wrong, i wasn't feeling very well at all. however, the store manager was in her eighth month of pregnancy and had a neonatal care appointment that morning... until she showed up, i pretty much had no choice but to be there. i pulled up a seat at my desk, grabbed a soda out of the "beer fridge" we had, and began to open the mail from the past week. invoice, invoice, credit memo, invoice, i have no idea what this is, invoice... so on and so forth. after about 15 minutes of this, i had this sudden feeling like my heart just tripped and fell down a flight of stairs, bouncing off each one on the way. as if that wasn't bad enough, my pulse rate shot through the roof and i felt *really* hot. i stood up and staggered out of the store, heading to the bathroom, the whole time my heart going a mile a minute. i saw my face and immediately went back to the store, slowly and carefully. getting back in, i asked the tactful opener to call 911 and i sat down on a nearby stool at the end of the counter. a few moments later, i was handed the handset, and i was being asked questions by the 911 operator. no, i'm not in pain. yes, my heart is still beating. no, i'm not out of breath... and on and on. fortunately, the campus is about a mile from a hospital... it only *felt* like it took forever for the emts to show up. one of the guys started to erect the stretcher unit while the other began to take my blood pressure and check my pulse. then came the words i never thought i'd ever hear in reference to myself: "i cant get a pulse." my heart was going so fast that the emt couldn't count the individual beats... oh, and the bp was off-scale high as well. at this point, i was having trouble standing up... one emt took position on either side of me and we started to get me headed to the stretcher. and then i heard it. "excuse me, i need one of those snickers bars." yep, right there was a coed, pointing past me at the candy rack... the rack the emts, the stretcher, and oh by the way i was in front of. my opener talked to her for a second as i laid back on the stretcher... i assume saying something like "it'll be just a moment, i don't want to interfere with a medical emergency," or something along those lines. "...but i'm late for class!" the store manager was walking in as they were wheeling me out, oxygen mask firmly clamped on my face. i explained that i was going to take a sick day, and they loaded me in the ambulance. once they hooked me up to the gizmos and doohickies and machines that go 'ping!', my pulse was 250bpm and my bloodpressure was something like 300/240. why blood wasn't squirting out my pores, i'll never understand. as it turns out, i have a birth defect that i'll describe as an extra nerve in my heart... when it fires, my heart has a chance of going crazy. it's not uncommon, they told me later, and most people won't ever know they have it. i was just lucky, i guess. it hasn't happened since. i don't know if our customer got her snickers bar. edit: woo, quote of the day! at least the customer was good for something.hey tfr, long time lurker, first time poster! i'm a cashier at a popular discount grocery store, i am an override cashier and have been around for 5 years. being on the edge of the low income area and a higher income area, i get my fair share of crazy customers. my stories are endless. i worked yesterday on the express lane (1-8 items) and everything was going smoothly. it was such a beautiful day and i was in a really good mood. all my customers were sweet and that almost never happens. in the last hour of my shift, i served a very cranky lady (vcl) during a very very busy period at the grocery store. being on express, my line is the longest and i have to move quickly. me: hi, would you like a bag today? vcl: .... *holds out handful of money* me: .. ok, so that's $9.15 today please. customers do this all the time, they can't be bothered to count out the money, and i really don't mind since i'm pretty quick at it. she has a $10 and some change that will not add up to the $9.15 on it's own. so i take the $10 and $0.15, count it back to her, wait, and then put it in my till and give her the $1 back. she waits until i'm done to start yelling at me. vcl: that's not how i wanted to pay! i was a bit shocked at first, since she was staring me down. almost didn't know what to say, since she was holding the money in my face and never said a word me: ..oh, how did you want to pay? vcl: i wanted you to get a $5 bill! i have more change i want to get rid of! me: well i can still do that if you'd like, i just took what you handed me. i take her change and give her the $5 bill, even though i didn't really have to, just trying to make her happy. she rips the money out of my hand with a huff. me: would you like your receipt as well? vcl: you should've asked me if i had more change! what kind of cashier are you? i've never... at this point i have started with my next customer and really don't want to stand there and take her crap anymore. so i cut her off me: ok, you have a nice day! *really nice tone* vcl: i will not have a nice day!!!! i couldn't control myself at this point, i paused and looked her dead in the eye trying so hard to hold it in, but i couldn't. i bursted out laughing. i looked away knowing i just pissed her off more and didn't want her to start again, that's when i realized i wasn't the only one laughing. my current customer, and a couple others in the line were in stitches. by the time i looked back up she was already walking out of the store, still complaining to herself. i tried my best to stay as professional as possible, but i just couldn't hold it in. tl;dr ruined a women's whole day because i can't read minds.i've been working at a coffee chain in a food court for about 4 years, and i've had my fair share of regular customers come and go. our most common regulars are older folks, whose best part of their day is coming out to the shopping centre (where i work) and getting their daily coffee. ever since i started, this cute old european couple would come in religiously every morning. the man was named angelo, and i never found out the name of his wife, but they knew my name (i believe my name tag was a giveaway). they would order 2 small cappuccinos, in the round cups (we changed our cup design about 2 years back, but they preferred the old cups so we kept 2 aside for them!). gradually, i made the change from service to barista. angelo would greet me enthusiastically every time he came in. "spergus!!! ahhhh, your coffee is the best!!" i'm not the best with compliments, so i would proceed to blush profusely. as my coffee skills improved, so did my coffee art. i would always make sure angelo's cappuccinos looked superb (i can't help it, i attend art school). hearts, feathers, stripes, or when i screwed it up, an abstract bird. angelo would go sit about 10 metres from the counter with his wife, and when i'd finish making my coffees, i'd gesture in his direction, they'd both look up excitedly and either angelo or his lovely wife would come on over. the wife would always say, in her thick european accent: "your coffees! all i want to do is look at them! too good to drink, haha!" they'd really appreciate it, i really looked forward to seeing them whenever i was working. it was the least i could do. anyway, a few months ago they were coming in less frequently. angelo started sporting a hat. the hat was stylish, however i could tell he was hiding something. they were more grateful than ever for our service. they would say, on more than one occasion how seeing us smile would make them feel happier inside, even if there was sadness around. it would brighten their days. that really meant a lot to me. especially as i could get some pretty shit people come in and treat me appallingly. i'd ask angelo how he was, sincerely, not just as a customer service reflex. i was worried, he didn't look well. he was less cheery than usual. a lot less cheery. i'd ask, how are you and he'd give me this shrug, like, ehh what can you do about it? he was sick. we subsequently saw them less and less. while i was away overseas for about a month, angelo's wife came in to the shop. she came in to tell us that angelo had passed away. she was close to tears, but managed to say his funeral was packed! not surprised he was a popular guy. my manager was working at the time and had to go around to the back because she too was on the verge of tears. i guess she didn't want to upset the wife any further! i think she's too upset, understandably, to come back to get coffee. the second round cup broke recently too- now there's only one. **edit:** thank you everyone for sharing similar stories! it has been a pleasure to read them, albeit the sadness. i believe, with the older people especially, it's part of your job to look out for them. it's always distressing when they disappear out of the blue! come to think of it... i haven't seen norma in a while... **update:** the wife came in today!!! she ordered 3 coffees, for her and her 2 pals. nice to see her happy. she's still using angelo's coffee card though (it has his name on it).for 8 years i was a pharmacist in a very busy store with a super demanding clientele. the neighborhood is very wealthy, and they tend to be the kind of wealthy that is convinced its constantly being cheated by everyone. they expect a lot, and they tend to be ungrateful even after they've gotten it. needless to say, while stressful, the store provided me with lots of amusement in retrospect. today's story begins when we have a workman come in to look at our water line (the distilled water we use to mix liquid suspensions). we have a suspended ceiling in the pharmacy, and the water line is above it, so the guy got up on a ladder and went into the ceiling. i have no idea what he was standing on up there, but he lost his footing and fell, face first, right through the suspended ceiling onto the floor, which is just carpet squares over concrete. everything in the pharmacy stops, as we have a bleeding, unconscious man on the floor. my fellow pharmacist goes to assess the damage. i call 911. he's not dead, but he is out cold. we are walking distance from the fire station, and the paramedics are there before you know it. 5 minutes, tops. while they are putting him on a stretcher, i notice the phone ringing and i pick it up. "i need you to page my doctor at the hospital right now!" it's the middle of the day. we generally don't page during the day. plus, with current events being what they are, i am a bit flustered. "you want me to page him why?" "it's an emergency! and i was on hold for fifteen minutes!" this is doubtful. but i still apologize. "i'm sorry, sir, but things are crazy here. we just had a guy fall through the ceiling. the paramedics are here." "is he an employee?" i am baffled, but answer, "yes." "then he doesn't matter! i'm a customer, i'm more important." yes, honest to god, the guy actually said that. "are you going to page my doctor or what?" now i am really flabbergasted. "um, sure. give me the number where i can reach him." he does. "what am i calling for?" "he'll know. i'll be there in 15 minutes to pick it up." and he hangs up. by now the workman is on his way to the hospital and my manager is scrubbing up the blood on the carpet (which never came completely clean). i recount the phone conversation to my co-workers, who all decide this guy is the biggest asshole ever. then i dutifully page his doctor at the hospital. the rx i got was the icing on the cake. his "emergency" was for hemorrhoid suppositories. the workman, by the way, was more or less okay, but he did end up with a broken nose and a concussion.i used to work loss prevention for a large retail clothing store that sells very popular jeans. so one afternoon i'm sitting in my office watching our cameras when i see someone slightly suspicious going in and out of the men's dressing room every few minutes. i walk over to get a better look at what he is doing. as i'm on my way over, the fire alarms go off. well crap, i get on the radio and start telling employees where to post, then go to the fire control panel to see what alarm is going off. a smoke detector had triggered, but it did not say where. everyone else has been cleared the building by this time except two people, two people that refuse to exit a stall in the men's fitting room. i get annoyed and finally tell them to come out now or i'm coming in. they walk out, briskly past me and toss a pair of jeans back into the pile as they move toward the door. the fitting room floor, wall, bench, all covered in blue security ink, odd. i walk over and inspect the jeans, security tag melted, jeans ruined. i get up front just as they are walking into the parking lot and going for their vehicle, fortunately the police showed up with the fire department, i hold up the jeans to an officer and point towards them. tampering with a security device, destruction of property, and something about use of combustible in an occupied structure. needless to say, they both left in the back of a cop car. though had they just tried to steal the jeans and got caught, they only would've had a minor citation and been free to go. i caught a female customer (red) shoplifting last night in the gas station i manage. we have an electronic ordering system for our deli that prints tickets which the customer uses to be rung up with at the register while they're waiting for us to make their food. if it doesn't get rung up it'll sit in the resume sale button until it's rung up or until i delete it. it's 2 am and red shows up and orders food. we're in a bit of a rush at the moment so i'm in the deli helping out my associate. she *pays* for her food and drops the slip she used to pay for it in the basket. but she picked up three different orders... we were busy and i'm not allowed to "demand" the customer show me their paid slip before giving them the food. well red left so i go up to the register to she if the other two orders were payed for, they weren't. at this point the she's gone already so there isn't anything i can do. all i can do is wait for her to come back and watch her like a fucking hawk. it's now 3:30 am and red actually came back to the store she just shoplifted from. she grabs a couple sodas and i make sure i'm ringing her up, my register associate noticed something was up because i kinda cut her off to the register so i'd be the one to ring up red. me: that'll be $17.48 red: that's pretty expensive for a couple sodas me: i also rung up the hoagie you didn't pay for and the mac and cheese bowl you didn't pay for earlier. red:.....are you sure i didn't pay for that? me: completely. if it was paid for i wouldn't be able to resume the ticket from the register for the same order number you had with the same order you ordered. red: i'm going to kill him. why didn't he pay for it, i'll go get him. me: if you leave before paying i'm going to call the cops for shoplifting, i already had my fuel associate write down your tags. red: fine! she payed with a hundred dollar bill. and she was clearly a junkie, we get them all the time. normally i don't get wins like this. we aren't technically allowed to confront shoplifters. i'm supposed to just call the cops and give all the information to them. but that doesn't ever pan out and it doesn't feel good.hey, r/tfr. i apologize if this isn't very "retail," but seeing as there isn't an r/talesfromthecreditcardcompany, i'm just going to post this story here. background: long time lurker, new account just to post this, etc. etc. the usual. professional background: i work at a major credit card company in one of their national call centers. i deal with at least 50 people every day, 8 hours a day 5 days a week. you'd think, dealing with so many customers (and after being on the job for 2 years now), that i'd have had something juicy to tell you all. alas, no. but then there was a guy who i'm going to call bob. this call happened yesterday (friday) afternoon. bob calls in to inquire about his bill. sure, of course. my name is call center lackey and i will be your account manager today. can i get your first and last name, address etc.? okay, one moment sir while i look up that information and pull up your account. bob: "make it f*ckin' snappy." woa, okay then. call center lackey (me): "hi, bob. thank you for waiting. how can i assist you with your account today?" bob: "yeah okay i was on your website and it says here my 'balance' is $1,287. can you tell me why this is?" all of my what. ccl: "yes, sir. i'm seeing here that your total balance due for this month comes to $1,287. this is the amount you have spent on the card. your minimum payment due by may 30 is $xx." bob goes silent, for at least 15 seconds. then, bob flips, ripping me a new one. bob: "what? what do you mean 'due' and 'minimum payment'? i was told when i signed up for this crap that it was free for the first 12 months!" even more of my what. i get to the bottom of this and it turns out, bob's credit agreement is our standard 12-month 0% interest promotion. it's *interest-free*, not *free*. hoh, boy. bob is seething. bob: "oh my god! oh my god! cancel the card! cancel it now! i was duped and lied to. your company has mislead me." standard call center procedure is to apologize to the customer (even though it's not our fault he's an idiot), and explain to him what he needs to do before we can cancel the card (you know, pay the balance). bob: "well, okay. my wife is in charge of all the finances so i'll just let her deal with this. thanks for nothing." ccl: "have a wonderful day, sir." people, man. people. edit: so i just noticed that there's an r/talesfromcallcenters. d'oh.yesterday, on a very busy monday, a lady in her 50's comes in to my big box store to process a return. the store is located 50 miles from the canadian border so we get loads of them in to get their discounted prices. this particular canadian lady (cl) comes in with a $50 itunes card demanding a refund because it didn't work in canada. the pin was scratched off and the card was worn out. me: sorry ma'am, this receipt is from over a year ago, our return policy is 30 days. cl: i live in canada and i was told there would be no issue making returns past your policy. me: do you have documentation of this interaction? cl: .... no me: sorry, there's nothing i can do. you could maybe call itunes and ask to have it transferred to a canadian account? cl: yeah, you should get that done for me on your computer since you sold me an invalid card. (it clearly states 'valid in us only') me: i don't work for apple.... cl: but you're (*insert large retailer*)! surely you can call someone directly to do it... me: no, ma'am, that's not possible. is there anything else i can help you with today? *grumbles away...*hi, tfr! for some background, i'm an associate in a place that sells clothes. we all know how slow it is right now. so, in the land of bumblebee, today i got given an unexpected surprise by my manager: "i'm training you on cash today." externally, i was surprised. internally, i was dancing with glee. cashiers have more hours than associates. i'm like, "alright, cool." so off i go. get all set up, watch the head cash (hc) do her thing, and i get my first customer as a cashier, ever. i really wish i could have a do-over. she was... how do i describe her? like someone stewed cruelty and sadism, threw in a heavy dose of elitism and topped it nicely with a *jus* of bitterness and hatred. definitely on the older side, and definitely someone i will likely see again. our registers are all in a line. people are lined up, using those things like theaters have to act as ropes, in a s-shape. i call 'good evening!' to the woman next. well, this woman, who i'm calling retail demon (rd), cut through a line of six, by going under these ropes, and straight to my register. she threw her purchase on the counter, and snapped "hurry up, i haven't got all day." now, i have no idea what to do. the other girl, hc, is busy doing an exchange a few tills away. other customers are stunned. i decide to just get her out of there. flashing a quick apologetic look to the woman who went next, i began to scan her items. a couple of tank tops and headbands. beside the register, we have lip glosses, lip balms, nail files and marked-down jewelry. on an whim, insane bitch grabs one of each colour. six in all. okay, fine. problem: they're not scanning. so i have to manually enter them. rd: "what's taking so long?! why does this place have such incompetent employees?!!" me: "i'm sorry, i need to enter these manually. the bar codes aren't scanning." rd: "don't you lie to me! i know you're trying to swindle me out of more money! i'll be checking the receipt when you're done!" okay, wow. um, didn't realize six one dollar lip-glosses were so important. eventually, this gets done- with harrumphs, and demands to "hurry up". as i'm scanning the tank tops, i remember i need to tell her the policy. me: "alright, ma'am, for the tank tops, you have.." rd: "don't you 'ma'am' me, you fat hussy! i'm not old, how dare you! it's not like you have anything important to say to me anyways!" me: "i'm trying to explain pol-" rd: "what did i just say!? i demand to see a manager!! **now!!!** she was just *screaming* at me. our mod was across the store, and our sm was on a conference call in the back. i started shaking at this point. luckily, hc jumped in at this point. she radioed our mod, and told me to step back and let her handle it. the radio wasn't required: rd could be heard clear across the store. i was freaking out, thinking i'd be written up, or worse. then i remembered: the mod was the hard-ass who didn't put up with anything. mod (to me): "blackrosesin, what happened?" rd: "your incompetent employee-" mod (to rd): "i'll speak to you when i'm done." (to me) "what's going on?" me: "this woman cut through the line, and threw her stuff down, when i called someone over. i panicked, and thought it best just to do the transaction. she grabbed her lip glosses, and i had to manually enter them. the yelling occurred when i went to explain policy." ib: "you lying-" mod: (to rd) "i'm not done yet. you can wait." (to me) "go on." me: "i've been trying to be helpful, and have been snapped at to 'hurry up' more than once. when she screamed, hc radioed you to come here. she was helping someone with an exchange." mod: "thank you. you can work in your section now." i go off, but not before i watch her void the transaction and tell her "you insulted and berated an employee on her very first day. even if she was my most veteran cashier, i'd still be saying this: get out of my store and don't come back." i can hear rd screaming across the store incoherently, but let my mod handle it. she let me take my 10 early, and told me "next time, tell her politely to go back to her spot. if she refuses, radio one of us and we'll come help you. okay?" i nodded, then she smiled. "you'll be okay. i promise, that almost never happens here." the rest of the shift was spent between being an associate and on the register. i didn't have a single problem after that- everyone else understood. some of them were quite nice about it, even. but i will never forget this, so long as i live in this form. *edit:* i didn't expect this to blow up. wow. i'm very touched by how many people feel i'm lucky to have the manager i have. i wish all managers were like her! i'd also like to say thank you for all the support! all of you are amazing!i'm interning at a museum for the summer, and one day a week i work the front desk. during that 10am-4pm timespan, i am the only person who is on two main floors, and often the only staff member in the whole place. my bosses are wonderful people with a sense of humor, and always back me 100% in whatever i need to do. it's basically a resort town, filled with upper middle to upper class tourists in the summer (mostly from boston) who are some of the most self entitled people i've ever met in my life. i have tons of examples, and this is just one of them. it was a particularly slow day, before the season really started, so it was nearly noon before the first guests came in. i'd been chatting with one of our docents, who thankfully served as witness to the whole thing. a group of nine came in, and i immediately knew there was going to be trouble. there was just a way that they was looking down their noses at everything. those are always the problem ones. the obvious leader was a ~65 year old woman, dressed to the nines like she was some sort of kennedy. i launched into my normal greeting. "good afternoon, how are you? would you like to tour the museum today?" she looked at me like i was the lowest speck of dirt on her $400 shoes. "yes, you don't have to take that attitude. we are going to tour the museum, and it will be free." i was a little shocked. the docent, who's been volunteering since the 80's, said, "we have free weekends once every couple of months, but other than that there is an admission fee. it's very small, and it goes to help further education for the local area!" faux kennedy lady snorted, "yes, but *we* will get in for free, you understand. do you have anyone more respectful to give a tour, miss?" "this is our only docent for the day, and if you would like to go further than the front desk, you all will have to pay an admission fee unless you are active duty military, a museum member, or under the age of 6." "no, we won't, because *we will* get in *free*. we are special guests of the director." she was completely certain i was going to cave, and the polo bedecked clan of family she had with her was crowding around like they were trying to physically intimidate me. "if you are a special guest, i have to approve that through the director of the museum. let me just call him." as i grabbed the phone, she continued talking to be like the was negotiating with a deaf monkey. my boss said he'd be up in a few seconds, and i held them off just wandering into the building by showing them greeting cards. there was a firefighters benefit going on that night after hours, and some of the guys were there setting up. so, trailing just behind our museum director, were two young large firefighters there to help move things in the front hall. i presented the group as the director's "special guests." the director was very friendly, shaking their hands. they kept glancing at me, with this look in their eyes like they'd won. finally, the director said with a big smile on his face, not losing a beat from his friendly demeanor, "please leave. you have had your opportunity to visit with us, and you have tarnished it. we welcome you to come back another day, possibly a free family weekend. have a lovely day!" then he went back downstairs, leaving me with two large firefighters making a wall preventing them from going further inside. faux kennedy lady huffed, then stormed out, yelling something about being the ruin of all of us. the firefighters brought the docent and i sweet tea and chili as thanks for a great story. it was delicious.