dragon here from the den of appliance parts. i love customers... &gt;angry lady: "i ordered a part from here and you never called me." &gt;me: "okay, let me take a look... here we go." -i go to get her order- &gt;al: "why didn't you call? i gave you my number... why say you're going to call if you don't call?" &gt;me: "we call as soon as we get the parts, ma'am." -place parts on counter- &gt;al: "no you didn't, you never call... i just don't see the point in taking my number if you don't call." &gt;me: -place her will-call ticket on the counter and point at it- "is that your number?" &gt;al: "yes." &gt;me: -point at another spot on the ticket with my notes- "i called on the 26th, and again on the 10th at these specific times and left a message on your machine. here's your parts and your invoice, have a nice day." i just smiled at her as she muttered something about never getting the messages. not my fault you don't know how to you use your voice mail!i work at a large retail pet chain. we are constantly understaffed. for example, today, for a saturday, it was me in pet care, a cashier, and one manager. it was awful. my manager posted some comments we got on a survey and i swear, i want to meet the people who wrote this a hug them. "why less than satisfied: the line was long. cashier called for help and it was a long time before anyone showed up. manager was not helping, he was walking around." beautiful. edit: on break currently. store manager yelled at us because our offering of assistance scores were extremely low (30%). huh, i wonder why. so if a customer gets upset, or yells, or demands their "effing fries". just do what evan did. take a breath, calm down and inquisitively ask "who told you it was ok to talk to someone like that?" you'll get a dumbfounded look without actually saying anything of repercussion. i don't work at this store, but i thought you guys might like this story anyway. i was in line the other night at a certain popular overpriced grocery in the nicer area of town behind a very pretty middle aged asian lady and as she was checking out, the guy in front of her, a slightly balding redhead wearing a very nice suit, was standing at the bagging area trying to convince her to have drinks with him that night. he was complimenting her looks, asking if she was single and such. she seemed a little embarrassed but eventually smiled and agreed, the cashier was all excited and encouraging her on as well. after i was finished checking out i walked to my car and they were putting their groceries into the same car and chatting, very obviously husband and wife at that point. at first i had thought he was being a little forward and bugging her a bit but seeing that it was her husband playing at picking up his dream girl at the grocery, it was really, really sweet. was at work one day, when a rather irate looking woman comes up to me and starts explaining that her daughter bought one of our products only yesterday (er no we were closed yesterday) and proceeds to show me a photo on her phone of a broken product that her daughter dropped. i checked stock and we had no more the woman became more irate and said that she was not happy because the product was faulty and fell and broke, just a minute earlier it had been dropped now it had fell. there was a few seconds silence when the woman said ok can i have a refund then, i said do you have the product with you? she said no my daughter has it. i said well i cant do anything without the product back the lady mumbled something and went off in a huff. so there some idiot wanted to return an item they didn't have.i worked as a bagger at a small, family owned grocery store while i was in high school. one day a man came through the checkout with a full cart of groceries. &gt;me: "paper or plastic?" &gt;customer: “i’d like double bagged paper and i’d like you to make each bag as heavy as you can.” &gt;me: "sure thing!" a bit of a strange request, sure, but anything that broke up the monotony of the day was welcomed. i managed to load his entire cart into three fairly heavy bags and bring them out to his car. &gt;customer: "in case you're wondering - i just had a fight with the wife and it's my turn to pick up the groceries." &gt;me: "uh-huh." &gt;customer: "it's also her turn to unload the car."i used to work at a well-known boutique grocery store that is beloved for its quirky, mostly store-brand products. i worked at a store in a major american city. i'm a straight male. this is important. one day, i was floating on the floor, and a guy about my age (mid-twenties at the time) asks me a question about beer. he then struck up a conversation, and it didn't take long before he said the following: "i read an article that gay men in our city are increasingly shopping at (name of store) because of all the attractive men who work there." i responded, "i hadn't heard that." hopefully, that line worked for him on someone else!i'm a cart pusher and i don't deal with tons of customers. i did have a woman flip out and call me an idiot, but honestly i feel this was worse. i saw these two girls, probably 17-19 years old, putting their cart up on the curb instead of a corral. i went over and said i would take it. what does one of them do? she shoves the cart so it rolls full speed, and i have to run after it while they stand there, watching me, laughing at me. one of them said "haha you really did that!!" to the one who shoved the cart. i was embarrassed and felt hurt by this. it ruined my night, that they decided to just make a joke out of me and my job. i am trying to feel better about it, thinking they are super immature, but this still was hurtful. :( edit: thank you all so much for making me feel better about this guys. :) also got my first gold. my night has got a lot better thanks to you. it means a lot to me. edit 2: this is crazy, 4x gold! i am overwhelmed by the reaction you guys have given me for this. thank you so much. i have to go to work again but i will continue responding to messages when i get home. :) so... i'm a manager at a charity shop. today i decided to take the till at our other location for a few hours, just me in the shop, no other staff. they have their own staff and i have never worked that shop before. guy comes in and wants a thing. i tell him the thing will be 50p. guy: oh i get free things, i work at the other shop. me: *blinks* i'm a manager at the other shop and know you don't work there. guy: *face freezes* uh... i used to work there... me: i've been there a year and have never seen you there. guy: i know jenny.... who are you? me: no jenny works at either of our shops. and you'd know my name if you worked for us. he got a bit arsey after that, trying to get into the staff only area, saying over and over that he didn't have the money, was i going to make him walk the streets asking for 50p, trying to claim i wasn't the manager and 'just the shop girl' and then the tried and tested tactic of just standing at the till staring at me. i told him off for challenging my authority - 'i don't care if you don't believe that i am the manager, you don't work here' - eventually told him to either pay up or get out and don't come back he finally produced the damn 50p. definitely not his lucky day. hey tfr, long time lurker, first time poster! i'm a cashier at a popular discount grocery store, i am an override cashier and have been around for 5 years. being on the edge of the low income area and a higher income area, i get my fair share of crazy customers. my stories are endless. i worked yesterday on the express lane (1-8 items) and everything was going smoothly. it was such a beautiful day and i was in a really good mood. all my customers were sweet and that almost never happens. in the last hour of my shift, i served a very cranky lady (vcl) during a very very busy period at the grocery store. being on express, my line is the longest and i have to move quickly. me: hi, would you like a bag today? vcl: .... *holds out handful of money* me: .. ok, so that's $9.15 today please. customers do this all the time, they can't be bothered to count out the money, and i really don't mind since i'm pretty quick at it. she has a $10 and some change that will not add up to the $9.15 on it's own. so i take the $10 and $0.15, count it back to her, wait, and then put it in my till and give her the $1 back. she waits until i'm done to start yelling at me. vcl: that's not how i wanted to pay! i was a bit shocked at first, since she was staring me down. almost didn't know what to say, since she was holding the money in my face and never said a word me: ..oh, how did you want to pay? vcl: i wanted you to get a $5 bill! i have more change i want to get rid of! me: well i can still do that if you'd like, i just took what you handed me. i take her change and give her the $5 bill, even though i didn't really have to, just trying to make her happy. she rips the money out of my hand with a huff. me: would you like your receipt as well? vcl: you should've asked me if i had more change! what kind of cashier are you? i've never... at this point i have started with my next customer and really don't want to stand there and take her crap anymore. so i cut her off me: ok, you have a nice day! *really nice tone* vcl: i will not have a nice day!!!! i couldn't control myself at this point, i paused and looked her dead in the eye trying so hard to hold it in, but i couldn't. i bursted out laughing. i looked away knowing i just pissed her off more and didn't want her to start again, that's when i realized i wasn't the only one laughing. my current customer, and a couple others in the line were in stitches. by the time i looked back up she was already walking out of the store, still complaining to herself. i tried my best to stay as professional as possible, but i just couldn't hold it in. tl;dr ruined a women's whole day because i can't read minds.one of my coworkers is a very friendly older lady (upwards of 65) who is so sweet and loves to chat with both employees and customers. she can be a little kooky, but most everybody loves her because she's so nice. anyway, i recently had this conversation with her about the upcoming holiday season: her: do you think i need to request to work on black friday or do you think i'll just get scheduled because everyone else wants it off? me:you want to work on black friday? her: yeah, i love working on black friday! but i didn't get to last year. me: i guess it is kind of exciting, huh? her: oh, i just love watching the stupid fucks run around like chickens trying to save $3! and then she just kind of patted my shoulder and left the breakroom cackling her head off.hello! its your friendly neighborhood sub-shop worker back again. today, i had a guy (think early/mid 20's) come in and order a sandwich. then in the middle of putting on the veggies, he decides to call someone on the phone and talk for a few minutes while my co-worker politely waits for him to finish because whenever she asks what he wants, he ignores her. strike one. then when he finally gets to the register, he asks me how much cookies are. i respond and tell him they are 50 cents each or 3 for $1.30. he asks me "can you give me 3 for $1.00 since i bought a sandwich?" strike two. "no, sir. that's not how it works. our prices are concrete, so it's three for $1.30. if you want three cookies with your sandwich, that's what you'll pay." then as i ring him up, he asks if i have any change to use (out of my own pocket) so he doesn't have to break his $10.00 bill. strike three. you're out. i was trying so hard to be polite, too. but this guy took the cake. do not do any of these things at a store ever. you cannot haggle with retail workers. don't try.(this happened yesterday, while the story linked happened a few months ago.) my husband and i are done shopping at the local grocery store. we are next in line at the self-checkouts. there are only two self-checkouts open at the time, and both have customers who have just started their transactions. we have maybe 15 items or so. we hear a voice from behind us. &gt;woman: do you mind if i go in front of you? i only have 2 things. we aren't in a hurry so i turn, fully prepared to say "sure! go ahead!" when i recognize the woman. it's the customer from [this story]( so instead i smile and ask: &gt;me: have you ever worked in a customer service position? &gt;her: yes? &gt;me: did you ever have a customer who acted so appallingly that it stuck in your memory? &gt;her: yes... &gt;me: you were the woman at [my store] who dropped something and instead of picking it up yourself or asking for assistance, went - *[snap snap point]* - at me. so how bout you wait your turn. she started to say something back, but at this point my husband started laughing pretty hard (he said afterwards it was mostly in shock since i don't usually stand up for myself much) and she just pursed her lips and stood there. it was an awkward couple of minutes waiting after that.where i work there *really* needs to be a sign up telling people what is and isn't our job. i was working in a large fast food restaurant and it was a pretty slow day, i was on drive thru handing out the food. being a slow day i walked up to the front to hang around the new girl. i won't lie, she's slow and i don't like her very much. but if i work with people i try be as polite as can be. a woman with a baby walks in, lays her baby on a table and beacons one of us to come over. ''can you just change him while i find my car keys'' i tell her we're not allowed to leave our positions ''i am the customer, you do as i say'' i try to explain that we really can't do that ''well i'm going to tell the manager'' and she starts cleaning him up on the table, i'm still explaining that there is a toilet to do that ''i don't have to listen to you, toilets are dirty and humiliating why would i change him in there?'' unfortunately for us the baby had taken a poop, with the consistency of curry, and his darling mother managed to get it on the table and it didn't smell fantastic. when she was finally done she looked the new girl in the eye and grinned ''i'm not getting anything because you were so rude, and i'll be telling your manager how you refused to serve a new mother when she asked for *your* assistance'' i'm not paid to clean children, please don't expect it of me. also she did call and my wet blanket of a manager apologised and offered her a free meal. i was reading a story about someone being crazy enough to bust into a back room for some rolos, and it reminded me of this. i was going to comment it, but if got long, so here's a story. the one time someone tried to come in to our back room, my sm was eating lunch. i wasn't there but he gave me the story. basically, sm was on his 30 minute lunch. my other coworker (there's only the three of us right now) was on the floor, at the register. there were two people in line. if coworker needed help, he would've asked, but he didn't. so sm is eating, minding the security monitor (watching coworker, just in case it gets too busy) and he hears a knock at the door, and from the other side, "excuse me! you need to get out here!" he opens the door in case it's serious to find a woman standing there looking angry. sm: "what's wrong?" woman: "you need to help him! that line in ridiculous and i don't have time to wait!" sm: " ma'am i'm on lunch right now, there's only one person left in line. coworker can help you in just a moment. " w: "no you get on the other lane so i can leave! ill call corporate!!!" so what does sm do? slams the back room door, and begins walking to the register. on his way, he shouts for everyone in the store to hear (we're a small store, so he didn't have to be too loud) "guess i dont get to eat today coworker! this lady here is so important she has to interrupt my only, mandatory, by law required break because she cant be bothered to wait a literal minute!" i wish i could've seen it. ninja edit: words are hardah christmas. the one time of year where i'm willing to work because i get paid double, bitches! occasionally i get some smart ass customer who asks me "why i'm working on christmas," to which i wish i could reply with either, "it's not christmas in here," or "what are you doing shopping on christmas," but this time i had a truly memorable story. earlier in the day there was a woman who needed help at the self checkout. no big deal, i just scanned her items and waited for payment, but all she had to give me for payment was a dollar. in quarters. there was nothing in her order that came for $1 or less, so i explained to her that she was short (why do people need math lessons in this day and age). i think she said something to the effect of she'd have to come back so i voided her transaction so i could free up the register for the next customer (we were pretty busy in the morning). instead of leaving to get more money she kept rummaging through her pockets trying to come up with the total, and tried to hand me $2 more in quarters as if that would pay for it. clearly she was not all there, clearly she had no idea how money worked and left after the 5th time i explained to her that $3 is not going to cover a $15.26 purchase. it's never christmas when you work on christmas.i work at a pet store that closes at 6pm on sundays. last weekend, i was put on the door at 6 to make sure that: 1. someone was able to open the door for those leaving. 2. that no one else was able to sneak in. sometimes my co-workers feel sorry for a shopper. i never back down. as i was on door duty, i saw a lady outside walking her dog in the grass next to the parking. i just assumed she had picked her pup up from grooming, and was letting it potty before getting into her car. i was wrong. as i let another person out, i notice she was approaching the door. me: sorry, we close at 6. her: you serious? i been walking my dog out here for 20min. and now you say i can't come inside?? me: i'm sorry . we close at 6. her: this is fucking ridiculous.... she started saying more, but alas, i shut the door in her face and turned my back to her. the joys of closing.i was working my usual shift at an office supply store, when a guy came up to my register to check some things out. so, after ringing every item through, his total came to about $9. he proceeded to give me a $5 coupon. "ok, so your total comes to $4." the customer looked at me as if what i had just said was the most absolutely ridiculous thing he had ever heard. "no it's not. it can't be. 9+4 is 13." "you're right. and 9-5 is 4." still very confused, he handed me $4 and left. sometimes i just don't know. edit: just to be clear, he was a nice guy, i just thought it was an amusing conversation we had. in fact, he was one of the nicer customers that day, and i didn't mean to make him sound ignorant or idiotic. seems like a few people thought it came across that way, and it was by no means my intention.the other day i had a customer who picked up three of a fairly cheap item - 80p each, or 3 for £2 (which works out at a 40p discount). i rung them up and said, "that'll be £2 please." lady: "£2? that's not right. they're 3 for 2, aren't they? one-sixty?" me: "no, they're three for two pounds." lady: "it says right here. three for two." she points to the label by the item; her finger is directly below the £ sign. me: "that says three for two *pounds*." lady: "oh, well that's not as cheap as i want them." me: "do you still want them or shall i cancel the transaction?" lady: "no." (that's not a helpful answer, i'm thinking - is it no to the first part or the second part?) then she walks out. there's my answer. and all that over a 40p difference. a few hours later a man came in and picked up two of the same item. i told him they were three for two pounds. he brightened up, commented that it was a good deal, and picked up a third.so the other day, about half an hour before opening, i was facing up some of the shelves near the checkout area at the front of the store when a man came up to me asking when we'd open our front doors. bemused, i managed to point out that we were closed before he walked off cheerily mentioning that he'd head back the way he came - through our back door, that was definitely locked shut. neither the colleague who was with me, or i could work out how he'd got in.alright, so for some background i work in a deli at a grocery store. on saturday i was closing in the hot deli. we close at 7 p.m. and around 7:05 i see a man come up to the counter. he looked in the case and saw that nothing was there. he looked at me and then looked at the sign that had our hours posted. i thought for a second that he would ask if i could still get him something. or ask if we were still open. nope. not a word was said. he just walked away. yeah, he might have been down because we weren't open. but i would've happily gave him something if he asked. but he didn't. and that, my friends, is the short tale of the one customer that knew closed meant closed.a friend of mine told me this story last night, and i thought it was awesome enough to share. my friend was working in a hardware store in college, which meant she had to deal with contractors a lot, and she said contractors were always pretty rude. she had one in one day and she asked for his account number which is a series of numbers and letters. he mumbled it to her and she couldn't understand him, so she asked again. he mumbled again. she was getting slightly embarrassed and asked a third time because she couldn't understand what he was saying. he finally tells her number in a loud voice, he was visibly annoyed and goes "you know, i know a great place that sells hearing aids down the street!" she smiles, pulls her hair away from her ears and responds with "thats ok! i already have two!" my friend is deaf. the man went completely white and didn't say another word. everyone she worked with was dying of laughter. he never came back. so yeah this little thing happened a few minutes ago. so my coworker is helping a guy out. he's trying to return some parts that look like he ran them over with his car. we won't return his money but he tells him we will give him store credit. he doesn't like this and begins yelling. i see its time for my lunch so i clock out and head to my car. well apparently this guy didn't like that i was leaving and begins yelling at me. i'm on my lunch so i don't listen to him and just walk out. he follows me still yelling and all i tell him is i'm sorry but i'm on my lunch and won't be able to help him. as i'm turning around he runs and jumps on my back. now out of reaction, i dip my shoulder down and this causes him to flip over my shoulder and land on his back in front of me. i can see this knocked the air out of him so i asked if he was okay. he nods that yes he's okay. and i calmly tell him i won't call the police, but he not allowed to return to the store and i will call the cops on him should he return for trespassing. i leave and go enjoy my lunch. tl;dr: judo know me like that!!!i work at a coffee shop, on campus at a bible college. so my customers are bible college students. a while back, a girl comes to the register to order her drink. i take her order and head into the kitchen to make it. while i'm doing so, i hear some change rattling and papers shuffling. so i come back to register, and this girl was taking money out of our tip jar. when confronted, she said "well, you shouldn't leave it here....?" -_-i work at a store that sells everything as an associate and sometimes cashier. surprisingly this isn't about a work experience i had, but an experience as a customer. nsfw okay for christmas my friends with benefits at the time bought me a vibrator. the batteries ran out so i decided even though i hate buying these things, to go to the store and purchase some batteries and some lube for fun time later. i find the items no problem and then go through a check out line. i think i just buy these two things and candy bar. the cashier looks at my items then looks at me. he says. "we both know why your buying these items." i feel my face getting warm. and just laugh nervously. "well, it would have been more awkward if i hadn't said anything." he said to me. i'd have to disagree.i work at a large arts and crafts store where cranky women love to roam when they have nothing better to do. i'm also 17 and do homeschooling so i work a lot for the store. this is my first story but i've got a ton more that i can share. so the night before last, i was working and my register got super backed up. i was gonna call for back up and i had a few times before but i couldn't because we were understaffed for the night and all the people working were busy. so i'm trying to get everyone in line out as quickly as possible and it's pretty obvious. so this one lady like a couple customers back goes "hey you know a lot of people are waiting, is there someone you could call or something since you can't seem to ring people up quickly enough?" mind you, she was rude as hell while saying this. and i go, "yes ma'am, for sure. just give me one second and i'll do that." even though i'd tried previously. so i finish checking out the customer that's ringing up while like five other people wait, and i call for back up on the registers again. so right after that i turn back to the lady who initially asked and i go "sorry about that ma'am, we're just understaffed tonight and i'm doing my best." said all that realllllly politely too. and then she has the arrogance to say, "oh yeah, i was just asking. i don't need the attitude." (reminder that i was being polite as hell) so the best part about this story is the fact that the customer i'd previously been ringing up, turned to the lady and was like "um no ma'am, he was being really polite. there was no attitude in what he said, you should calm down." the woman looked super embarrassed and to top it off, the next lady i checked out whispered to me "don't worry about her. you were very polite and she's just a bitch." it took everything i had not to laugh. by now, one of my coworkers had come up and was checking people out. the woman who said i had attitude ended up going to my coworkers register and by the time she'd gotten checked out, i had checked out like two or three people that were behind her originally. karma's a bitch. i hope you enjoyed waiting an extra ten minutes to get checked out by going into the other line when you were so obviously in a rush!!!!i'm a manager at a large liquor store. i will start this by saying that one of my cashiers has a very slight form of autism. she's a great cashier, her drawer is never off, her memory is amazing, and for the most part she's super friendly. she is also very dry humored and doesn't take kindly to sarcasm from customers. yesterday, i was helping another cashier box up a large order when this douche bag old guy comes up to her register. he puts everything he has on the counter, she rings it in, bags it up, and tells him his total. he hands her his cash and she gets his change. as she is trying to hand him his change, he decides he wants it broke down differently. her response to him was amazing. i didn't hear everything he said but he called her stupid because she gave him his change back different than what he wanted even though he gave her no instructions. she straight face looked him in the eyes and told him that it's "against company policy for her to be insulted by customers" and then told him to get the hell out. i have never laughed so hard at the look on someones face. it was amazing.we just closed at 6 pm (sunday) and we're trying to get the last of the customers out. there is an old man still shopping. we turn off some lights hoping he will finish up but even with my supervisor telling him we're closed he continues to look around the aisles. it's almost 6:15 pm and he makes his way to my cash. &gt;me: hello how are you, find everything you were looking for? &gt;old man: well i would have kept shopping if you weren't closing! &gt;me: yeah sorry about that. &gt;om: i thought you guys like getting paid overtime! &gt;me: yes but unfortunately we have to close. &gt;om: when i was back in the business if a customer comes in before the store is closed and is still there, we let them shop. &gt;me: it's more so a liability issue since we are moving pallets and stock around and we don't want you to get hurt. &gt;om: well i just think you guys don't want to work! oh that's right, i don't want to go home because i don't have a life!  so yesterday was surprisingly quiet for the week before christmas, but i had a older woman in her 70's come through i know because i had to card her for a 6 pack of beer. she paid with debit wanting 60 bucks cash back. she then asks as my till pops asking is i can give her all ones. i made the comment it might help since i had a waitress come through an hour earlier, and i had a lot of ones so i was in the middle of counting when she goes. "my granddaughter is taking me to my first strip club!" i lost track of my counting, and looked up. she had a huge smile on her face all i could say was well alright then. i recounted her change, and gave it to her. she left, and my co-worker on the till next to me looks over, and said that was weird as hell. all i could do was nod, and go yup. today a customer was trying to pay for her purchase, and was at the point where she needed to chose debit or credit. she looked up at me and asked, "do you matter?" before i could reply, she had the greatest look of embarrassment as she realized what she had said. i knew she had pulled an 'are you fucking sorry,' so i said "well i hope i matter to someone!" as she was leaving, she turned to me and said, "you matter to me." people are weird.i work in a small town pharmacy/store that also happens to take bills. we take bills any time between 8 am to 8 pm, but after that our computers will not process any more. some (most) people seem to ignore the fact that we physically cannot do anything with the bills after that, even if we wanted to, and get angry. trust me, i've seen it all. the other day, something happened though that i'll never forget. at around 8:30 a young woman walked in with a bill in her hand. as soon as i saw that i told her, "i'm so sorry, after 8 we cannot take any more bills." expecting to hear a tantrum, like so many before her, she surprised me and simply said, "you shouldn't apologize, it's not your fault." smiled and walked out. probably the one and only time i'll ever hear those words from a customer.i came into work today, clocked in and noticed something strange on my time slip. instead of "kt cook" on the bottom, i have the label "ft sl". i walk to the back office where my manager is doing some paperwork and ask him what it meant. "oh, yeah. that stands for 'front end shift lead'." "uh. what." "yeah... wait." "... nobody told me." "oh. well congrats, you're the new supervisor." so... i got a promotion, and they neglected to tell me.seeing their faces was easily the best part of the day. they tried to use 12 coupons and place 12 separate orders to beat the one coupon per customer rule, completely oblivious to the fact there were people behind them in line. last time they were here, they sent back the tacos they didn't pay for because we didn't cook brand new chicken fajita just for them (it takes 20 minutes to cook and this is fast food). then they let their kids use the dining room as a playground. other customers were getting pissed off at them too. the general manager didn't want to refuse service, but you can either say yes to these fuckers and keep 3 people happy, or say no and keep 10 people happy. edit: everyone is asking for a story and i wish i had one, but they just walked out.last sunday i was working pos at our store and a sweet, older lady came up to me, but before i could begin, she started the conversation as such: &gt;lady: (hands me two jewelry tags with no jewelry attached) the nice, blond, young man that was working yesterday rang up a lot of jewelry for me, and i got all the way home with them, but neither of them were on my receipt. &gt;me: may i take a look at your receipt? (she handed it to me and i saw the employee # of the person i thought rang her up - and he is a really nice, hard-working young man and lo and behold, those two pieces definitely weren't on the receipt). &gt;me: it was very honest of you to come forward and tell us about this. most people would have not done that. &gt;lady: my conscience would not have allowed it. i tried to give her a 20% off for her items she was purchasing that day, but she wouldn't have it. she used her little 15% coupon and was quite happy. also, i didn't tell upper management what happened so as to not get said employee in trouble. i did mention it to him to be more careful. still can't believe these customers actually exist. i mean, i've heard they exist, i'd just never seen one in person.cross posted with /talesfromthecustomer - delete if it shouldn't be here, too.... on friday night, i was out shopping with my 13yo daughter and we stopped by a well-known fast food restaurant around 7:00 pm. it was obvious they were training a few counter help because the employees were paired up and walking around with each other. i work retail, so i recognized that "deer in the headlights" look a few of them had on their faces because we've got a few new employees at our store, too. there were quite a few people in line, but we were in no rush, so we just stood in line without complaint. but - there was this grumpy elderly man directly in front of us that kept complaining and trying to get us in on his little complaint-fest. finally came old man's time to order. i heard his entire transaction (he was rude, cashiers were extremely polite to him). when it was done, he turned around and looked at my daughter and said, "you better stay in school so that you don't end up like these people with a job like this." i was a tad pissed off - first, don't drag my kid into your rude-fest, and second - just, well don't. i looked at him and said, "it's obvious they are in training and they were not rude to you at all. these kids are most likely all still in school and trying to make a little money while dealing with really rude customers. it wouldn't bother me at all if my daughter worked here one day - at least she'd be working hard for honest money." **i really wish i were kidding - i had never had the opportunity to speak to a customer like this and it felt good. my daughter was horrified and said i embarrassed her by talking to the grumpy man. i didn't care. ignorant old man.a customer's total came up to $101.56. the customer handed me one $100 bill, one $1 bill, and 56 cents. i bagged his stuff, said "thank you, come again" and waited for him to leave so i can help rest of customers in line. guy: *just standing in front of counter looking at me* me: *???* uh... do you need anything else? guy: i gave you $110. me: oh, you have me exactly $101.56. guy: **what?** no, i gave you ten dollar bill. me: sir, you gave me the exact total.... guy: what are you talking about? i gave you **ten dollar bill**. the guy demanded rest of his imaginary change and refused to leave the counter. i asked him if i could help out rest of the customers before trying to figure out where his ten dollars went and he quietly waited next to counter. after i helped rest of customers, i explained the situation to the manager so we can take a look at the security camera (one of which is pointed directly at the register and the counter. so we take a look at the scene and what do you know? the guy never gave me any $10 bill. guy: *immediately checks his wallet*, **ohhhhh!!!** ($10 bill was in his wallet the whole time) me: ......... is there anything else can i help you? guy: nevermind. *leaves*about two years ago i was working as a cashier a pet store, we always had crazy cat ladies coming in and out. one night just at closing a regular crazy cat lady comes in she is known for causing trouble, using fraudulent coupons and just generally being an unpleasant person, gets her usual stuff and comes up to my register. i scan and bag all the items and make small talk. then she grabs her cart and starts to walk out the door. &gt;me: "ma'am you forgot to pay." &gt;cat lady:"no i didnt i'm going to put these in my car and been right back." &gt;me: i'm sorry ma'am you have to pay for the items before you leave." at this point my manager comes past.my manager had been having a bad night and wasnt in the mood for crap. &gt;manager:"whats going on?" &gt;me: " she wants to put her items in her car before paying." &gt;cat lady: " i am a customer! it's my right to do that." &gt;manager:" thats considered theft either pay or leave" &gt;cat lady: "fine!" the cat lady then pays and leaves. a few days later the store gets a call from corporate. the woman on the line is laughing so hard she can barely speak. apparently someone called to complain that we wouldn't let them take stuff out of the store without paying first.so this young guy walks into our shop, probably about 19/20 and is trying to buy alcohol. as per protocol i asked him for id. he hands over a driving licence and i look at it. &gt; me: sir, i can't accept this &gt;him: why not? &gt; me: well, much as i would like to believe you are a 45 year old woman, i can't accept id that clearly doesn't belong to you. today i got to play "supervisor" for the beverage cart managed by our restaurant. edit: we are located on amusement park grounds and are only responsible for maintaining the cart. we do not own it and it is not located inside the restaurant. [crappy ms paint diagram.] ( our cart clerk called off this morning so we had to have one of our bussers work the cart. he had never worked at our food cart before, so my manager asked if i would stay and help him for a while until he got comfortable. as we were stocking the cart, a girl, probably about 15, came up and asked if she could have a soda. us: sure, that'll be $3.00 her: ok, $3.00. [grabs bottle and tries to walk away without paying.] us: uh... excuse me, that soda is $3.00. her: yep, $3.00. [continues to try to walk away with the soda without paying] us: ma'am, you need to give us $3.00 if you want that soda. her: yeah, $3.00 [again, tries to walk away without paying] us: ma'am, do you have $3.00 on you? her: no... us: then you need to give that soda back. we can't give it to you until you pay us. her: oh, ok... [gives soda back and starts to walk away, but comes back a few seconds later]. can i have a bottle of water, then? us: ...do you have money to pay for it? her: no... us: then no, we cannot sell you water if you don't give us money first. context - i work in a sandwich shop. there is another person who works at the sandwich shop who has the same name as me. i'm pretty well known for having resting b' face. i was not in when this event occured, but i had multiple co-workers text me after. woman walks in and orders her food. this is the exchange. (c)ashier : will that be all for you today? (w)oman: is (insert my name here) working today? c: which one? w: the one with the bitch face. c: ...no, she's off today. all my co-workers are in absolute shock. one even texts me immediately after. a couple more text me after work or the next day. i find out a couple days later that the woman was my mom. -_-" edited for clarification.tl;dr: cart, not cat. so, at my store (popular west coast electronics store) we have carts filled with "open box" discounted merchandise. last night, i helped a customer with an item and put it in his shopping cart. a few minutes later, i see him come back to my area and browse through the open box cart. i turned my attention elsewhere for a few minutes, and when i turned back to the open box cart, it was gone and the cart with his one ~~it me~~ item was still there. i look around and see him browsing the aisles with the open box cart (signs and all). after a couple of minutes he looks down at his cart and looks really confused. he then walks back, put the open box cart back and grabs his cart. funniest thing i've seen in a long time.i've only had this happen twice in the three years i've worked in fast food, yesterday and a couple months back. basically, one customer asked if he could pay for the car behind him at drive through. assuming he knew the next customer, i agreed and thought nothing of it. when the next car got to the window, the woman attempted to pay, so i explained to her that the car in front of her already had. she was confused, asking who they were or why they had done it. realizing that it wasn't someone she knew, i explained how once in a great while, someone will come through and offer to pay for the person behind them as a nice gesture. the woman looked like she was about to cry, she had the biggest smile on her face. after gushing over 'what a great person' they were for a bit, she asked if she could do the same for the car behind her. the 'pay it forward' line lasted for the rest of the cars in drive through, about 9 people payed for the person behind them. some of the orders were double the price of theirs, yet no one hesitated to pay it. it made he rest of my night, just wanted to share with you guys :) edit: for those of you asking, the 9th car was the last in line, so he had no one to pay for. before paying he actually offered, but glanced behind him and realized no one was there. he goes, "well. i guess i win, then!" thought it was funny :)so i was a customer in this shop. it is a small sub shop owned by really cool guy who is a really good cook. there was this really mean customer who was complaining that after she finished her sub it was horrible and wanted a complete refund. also my apolologies on formatting i'm using a phone. at this point she calls the owner an asshole tells him that his food sucks and continues to demand her money back. without even blinking, the owner looks at her, opens the register, takes out a 20 and then says. "you have bought and eaten your sandwich, making satisfied noises while you were eating the sandwich and if you're going to be like this i don't want you as a customer, to show how little i care this is the 20 you gave me a few minutes ago." he then tears the $20 bill into little pieces smiling and then said "get the fuck out" this guy will continue to have my business.this just happened a few minutes ago. this morning, our phones were down for a few hours. they are working now. i just received a phone call: m "hi, thanks for calling ----" c "hi, just to let you know, your phones weren't working this morning" m "i know, i'm sorry about that, our phones were down, is there anything i can do for you?" c "i just wanted to let you know your phones weren't working. i see they're working now but just so you know, they weren't this morning. that's all." click thanks lady for letting me know our phones weren't working.i work at a pet store. an older woman came in and looked at dog beds, and wanted to take some out to her car to decide which one she wanted. she was actually offended that i told her that product cannot leave the store without being purchased first. taking things out of the store without paying for them is called shoplifting, ma'am, and that's a crime in this state. i have a couple of part time jobs. one of them is at a mom and pop convenience store that sells the hell out of lotto and beer. we also sell sandwiches, subs, and wraps. during the week we usually have a lunch special as well. during the holiday week we decided not to have specials because most of our regular customers had time off and we wouldn't have sold many. in walks a 20-something guy who is also a regular. he will often buy the normal menu items. so i was surprised by his reaction. him: what's your special today? me: with the holidays being so slow we aren't going to have any until after new years. he starts throwing stuff on the counter for me to ring up without giving me any eye contact and says, "well, that's fucking awesome. i can't believe you don't have any lunch specials. i don't want anything off the regular menu. stupid." then he looks up at me, and i said, "do you feel better now?" (oops) he looks up at me, takes a breath and says, "no, but i'm being a dick." hallelujah!! they can be taught! i was working in a department store when an elderly couple called me over and asked me to pick up a heavy box of tiles for them. while i was lifting it they were talking about the weight of the boxes of tile. wife: "why do they make the boxes so heavy? i feel bad for the workers that have to carry them all the time." husband: "it's ok, maybe it will help him decide he wants to go to college instead of do this the rest of his life." i usually worked nights so i didn't really know how to deal with rude customers, so instead of just letting it be i responded: "i tried that. wasn't my thing. that's why i'm about to leave for bootcamp." that shut him up but i felt bad after seeing the look of sheer embarrassment on his wife's face. she apologized, and i came to find out that he was ex navy himself. that's when i realized that sometimes when a customer is being rude, the people with them are the ones that feel the worst about it.i work in an office supply store that also sells technology. i'm the only one working in tech today, so i'm just doing my rounds helping people out. i notice a lady standing by the tablets so i start to make my way over to her. next thing i know, she lifts her arm and snaps her fingers, like i'm a dog and she wants me to go to her. usually, that would make me immediately walk away, but luckily she realized what she had just done and immediately says, "oh my god i can't believe i just snapped my fingers at you. i'm so sorry! i can't believe i just did that!" i say its fine and help her decide on a tablet. boring story, but it was nice to have a customer realize that i'm a person. not a dog. that's the story. that's the whole story. couple hours later my manager asks if i helped someone get [thing] and i told him yeah, and he said that they called and complained about how i "tried to sell them something they didn't ask for". i offered them...the same thing...at a lower price. **and they called and left a complaint about me.** edit: i edited out the conversation because it was short yet identifiable and i got a little paranoid. the story doesn't lose anything from it. sorry!  i work at the counter in a department store with an exit that has an electric lock, and each time a customer needs out i must press a button to let them out. if it gets busy i end up not being able to hit the button before another customer wanting to exit reaches the door, and even though there is a sign that tells them to please wait they get angry some times. i was ringing up an elderly woman with what i could swear was at least three months worth of food in 2 buggies so both of my hands are busy, and this guy i will venture was around 40 years old goes to the door. i am in the middle of bagging some items, and i am about to tell him give me one second he whistles at me like he is calling a dog. i stop look over at him. he whistles again. i stare at this guy like he is a moron ,and to spite him i bag up a few more items with him whistling at me, and the old lady says to this guy i do not think he likes being whistled at like he is a dog. the guy then says can you open the f&amp;^%ing door. i put the bag in my hand down, and look at him. i place my hand over the door, and not pressing it i said. wait for it, wait for it, i press the button, and say go! he reaches for the door, and opens it, and i then said good boy! he stops, and says i am not a f*^#ing dog. i replied neither am i just go. he stomped off all pissed off, the old woman laughed, and i finished bagging her up. i am surprised that i was not called to the office, and fired for this. i've worked in customer service for 10 years and i've had a billion bad/angry/etc customer experiences. the one thing i've learned over the years is to kill them with kindness when everything else fails. at the end of every encounter, i always close with &gt;"i hope your day gets better!" sometimes they snap out of their power trip and apologize. alright, so kids are very annoying when it comes to checking out. always in the way, blocking the sensor, climbing on the bag spinner thing... i'm always afraid i'm going to hit one of them in the head with it and guess what. i finally did. this young boy did everything i described above and more. however, he was also leaning into the thing that the bags are on that i spin towards the customers. i did not see him there being obnoxious and i spun it so i could move on to the next bag and it hit him in the head. holy crap. my heart just about stopped as i thought to myself that i was in a shit ton of trouble right there. the parents, however, surprised me by telling him it was his own fault and that he needs to get out of my way. oh, that made my day.i used to work as the assistant manager in a small computer store where the management had to be at the store 30 minutes before it opened to get everything ready for the day. about 20 minutes before the store opens a guy tries the door which of course was locked. he immediately starts pounding on the door and signalling for me to come over. i casually walk over to the door and through the closed door i politely explain that the store won't be open for another 20 minutes and asked him to come back then. this just set him off for some reason or another and the next words out of his mouth are "just open the fucking door." somehow i kept my cool and i again politely explain that we are not yet open and that i would be happy to help him if he came back after the store was open. he replies "i just need to buy a fucking laptop bag, open the fucking door right now." i explain that we haven't yet prepared the store to accept sales and that he would have to wait until the store was open. he replies with "that's fucking bullshit. just let me in." at this point i'm the only one in the store and there was no way in hell i was going to let him in for any reason. i finally told him that i wasn't able to help him and started to walk away. he starts yelling again "you expect me to fucking come back after you wouldn't let me in?" i turned around and calmly said "i'd prefer you didn't" then walked back to continue prepping the store. he slams his hand on the glass door, yells "fuck you!" at me then gets into his pickup truck and burns out of the parking lot.weirdest tale i have is an elderly customer who used to come in once a week for sherry, we used to have a bit of a chat, it was a social outing for her for the week. i didn't see her for a couple of weeks, a letter rocked up to work. it turns out she had passed on and left me all her antique furniture and for my family to live in her place until we all die rent free. best i can tell she did it to screw over her kids who never paid her attention. very awkward position that took some delicate work to get out of and not come across as a scam artist!i work at a very well-known retail chain on the front-end. i was working an evening shift during the week when the girl working customer service gets a call from the electronics department. she flags me over frantically. &gt;girl: apparently there's a man coming up with a tv in his cart that he didn't pay for, it still has the spider wire on it so we think he's going to steal it! oh, perfect. i quickly walk to the front doors and see a man bee-lining it to the front through the fashion department. only a little suspicious. i stand in front of the doors to meet him when he arrives. &gt;me: can i see your receipt for that tv, sir? &gt;him: oh...uh. my wife has it, she's back in electronics. &gt;me: oh, okay! no problem. we'll wait for her. &gt;him: uhh...okay. he actually doesn't move, to my amazement. time passes. &gt;me: it's weird how they didn't remove the spider wire, huh? they normally do when you... *buy it*. &gt;him: yeah, i thought that was weird too. ...she has the receipt with her, you know! &gt;me: yes, i know! we're just waiting. another ten seconds pass. &gt;him: i'm going to let her know she has to bring the receipt up. he leaves the cart and walks out the front door. i bring the tv over to customer service, being sure to let the girl working know that he'll be back with his receipt. we saved about $1500 with that one!background: i work for a consumer electronics store. i've worked in nearly every department and this particular exchange happened when i was working at the asset protection desk. lady: you guys are sold out of this item, can i get a raincheck? me: sure, you'll just have to go to the customer service desk and they can issue one for you. lady: i don't have time to stand in line, can't you just give me one here? me: i'm sorry, but i don't have a computer here to issue rainchecks. there is only one person in line at customer service, i'm sure they'll be done soon. lady: so, what you are saying is you're not going to help me? i'm never coming to this store again. *storms out of the store* me: o_0 another satisfied customer.i get a call on the floor phone last night about 45 minutes before close: "you got to get out here, there's a customer in video that's real upset" i respond, "get jeff, he's the video manager!?" "that's the problem, jeff's the one the customer is upset with!" by the time i get out to the video department there is a small crowd. the customer proceeds to read me the riot act about my rude employees who are disrespectful and unwilling to make a deal. after he storms off, i learned why he was so upset. he had demanded that jeff lower the price on a tv. jeff's a bit of a smart-ass, and after a long day of retail, he responded with his own special brand of sarcasm. he took the price-tag off the front of the tv, set it on the ground and asked the customer: "there you go sir, is that low enough for you?" so hopefully i'm okay to post this here, it just happened and i know i've definitely been there in the past so i thought i'd share. i just woke up, rolled over to give my boyfriend a cuddle and he, still asleep, says &gt; "that's £1.21 please." followed by &gt; "could you leave the store now please?" i couldn't help but laugh, although in my dreams i find myself swearing at customers and telling them to gtfo rather than actually serving them... edit: formattingso my last day at my retail job was a few weeks ago. i gave my manager my two weeks prior and on my last day i thought i'd take a look at the schedule to see who'd be in instead of me the next day. huh. i'm scheduled to come in tomorrow. that's not right... so i call the guy who writes the schedules (not the manager, they're different) and ask if the manager told him today was my last day. "oh shit, really? no he didn't tell me anything. don't worry about it though." "i saw him write it down!" so it turns out that not only did the manager not tell the guy that writes the schedule that day was my last day. he didn't tell *anyone* it was my last day. and then waits until the end of the day to *tell* someone to call in another employee to cover the shift of the job i no longer hold. i honestly don't know how that place makes money with such an idiot manager running things. this happened when i was visiting my hometown a while back. i went to my old store and saw a bunch of boots scattered all over the floor. being the nice person that i am i decided to pick up after the rude customers, one of whom i recognized. i was listening to an audiobook while doing this. mid way through my clean up the lady who i recognize comes up to me and taps me on my shoulder. i take off my headphones and she demands to speak to my manager. apparently she was trying to get my attention but i could not hear her over my audiobook. i was acting extremely unprofessionally by having my phone out. i explained i was actually cleaning up after customers like her who do not know how to clean up their own mess. oh, and i don't work here anymore. this happened about 6 years ago, and we had a guy come in wearing a long trench coat. first off this odd attire made security follow him, and he walks around the store looking at stuff, and does not buy anything. the woman greeting at the door she was a very nice woman, and everyone in the store loved her. she tells the guy to have a nice day as he walks past her. the man stops, and turns around pulls open the jacket. she quickly throws her reading glasses on, and loudly says "oh how cute, but sweetheart i've seen bigger on a puppy." (she, and her late husband used to breed dogs) the man turned beet red, and security caught him. called the cops, and had him arrested. half the front end of the store saw this because she was loud when she said it making heads turn. there was much laughter after this happened. ten minutes to close a potential customer calls my store: potential customer - "hey, when do you guys close?" me - "i'm making the rounds now, we close in 10 minutes." potential customer - "ok, i'm gonna make it." and he hangs up on me. #1 - i'm irritated. it's a saturday, i have stuff i have to get done, and i'm just about done cleaning and counting down the register. it's been a slow day. i'm ready to go. so i wait anyway. at 1 minute 'til i have shut down the register, turned off all my signs, and i'm about to lock the door. nobody has come in. there's a phone call. now i make a habit of not answering the phone at 1 minute until closing. there is only one reason anyone ever calls me that late. it's to beg me to stay open. no. i'm not a slave. you could have been here at any other point in the day. and if you cant make it during regular business hours today, then come in tomorrow. phone quits ringing. 5pm comes and goes. i lock up and go change. it's 5:05 and i'm about to head out the back door to my car when i see a car come screaming into the parking lot. a guy runs up to the door. sees the lights off and starts violently yanking on the handle. it's locked buddy. so i stand there and watch, i don't care if he sees me or not, and i watch as he proceeds to bang on the door for two minutes while yelling. a rational response to a locked door. i do it all the time when i go shopping after hours. wait, no i don't do that. that's insane. after he's exhausted himself he just stands there and stares. two minutes later he leaves with a disgusted look on his face. sorry pal, you were late--not me.a short one for you guys! this happened last year. i was working customer service and a woman who looked like bea arthur comes up for an exchange. &gt; me (pointing to my register): okay, ma'am, i'll grab you down there. she looks me dead in the eye and says, &gt; you'd better not grab me down there. i stare at her. she stares at me. i stare back at her. she stares back at me. we bust out laughing. funniest thirty seconds of my life. edit: autocorrect edit: i don't know who gave me gold. but i will find him. and i will thank him. because he's the hero tfr deserves, but not the one it needs right now. so we'll hunt him. because he can take it. because he's not our hero. he's a silent lurker, a watchful gilder. a cool redditor.i'm just getting to my shift at fast food restaurant. we get a 25% discount on food. so i order a sandwich, my manager puts in the discount on. at this time, a customer comes in and sees that i got a cheaper price. i walk behind the counter to go to the back, and i hear, "i want whatever coupon he got (pointing at me)" manager (at the register still): "i'm sorry sir, he is an employee, so he gets a base 25% off our sandwiches because we value their work." man: "well, i have to ask what he has ever done except be a waste of space. i am a military veteran, 1992-99 unit xxx, and i deserve a discount!" manager: "it's great to hear that you served, we have so much respect for those that served, but sadly we don't have such a discount program for veterans. if you want, you can always call (corporate #) and suggest such a program." man: "that's ridicules that you would give that worthless piece of trash a discount when you won't even help out a military veteran! i will make sure all my friends and all of the veteran's rights groups of (city) aware of how you treat the heroes of this great nation!" thank you? so i was at work and as usual asking customers if they need any help, i approach this woman and ask: "do you need any help there?" she replies: "yes, i'm just looking to try on some skirts.." i reply: "yes of course, the changing rooms are straight ahead of you" she then quite condescendingly and angrily replies: "yes of course i know that" i then reply "ok cool" she then replies: "well you asked me whether i was ok; now i'm tellling you, it is cool isn't it" i then walked off, i literally got verbally harassed for asking someone if they needed any helpon this particular day, i'm on cash. i'm in the middle of talking to this lovely woman about her purchases and i have a small line of 2 people behind her, waiting patiently. this late 20's guy walks up to my register, shoves a hat in my face and says "price?" i scan the item to give him the price but before handing it back to him i scold him by saying "next time i'm going to ask you to hop in line because you just jumped in front of 2 people." he looked so ashamed! he muttered sorry and sulked off. about 20 minutes later he came back up, waited patiently behind another person and when it was his turn he apologized profusely for his previous misdemeanour. old dogs, new tricks etc. i work at a sandwich shop in socal. one day i was working phone register (which means i handled all the phone orders, both taking and ringing them up). as protocol states, i take the order, give them their number, and tell them how long it'll be until their order is finished. pretty standard and easy. one day, an agitated guy comes in. ag: i'm picking up a phone order. me: okay, sir, what was your number? ag: she didn't give me a number. me: *knowing i absolutely did give him a number, i smile politely* what name would it be under? (our system has caller id) ag: she didn't ask for my name. she didn't give me a number. she didn't do anything. me: ... okay, sir, can i have your telephone number to look up in our system? ag: this is ridiculous. i just want my order. it took everything in me not to say "well, if you had listened to me when i gave you your number, this wouldn't be an issue", but i didn't. i just love my job.this was yesterday morning as i walked in before opening at a retail store known for it's nature of closing stores lately. the phone rings so i decide to answer it because why not, probably someone calling to see when we open. &gt;me: (store) security &gt;old lady: when do you open? &gt;me: the store opens in 30 minutes at 8 am. &gt;ol: well i need help right now! (sounding upset, crying) my phone doesn't work and i need help! &gt;me: well we cannot help you with anything until we open at 8. once we open at 8, we will be more than happy to help you in electronics. &gt;ol: i'm 76 years old. i can't walk and no one can take me there! why won't you help me? you're just going to let me die? &gt;me: ma'am we will gladly help you if you come into the store, and we don't wish death upon anyone. if you need help you need to call 911 immediately, only if it's an emergency. &gt;ol: what's 911? &gt;me: the emergency police line that you need to call right now if you're in a situation where you're concerned you're going to die. &gt;ol: but why won't you help me? you're just going to let me die?! &gt;me: ma'am please hold while i get my manager. my manager answers it and looks visibly confused. &gt;manager: ma'am we cannot send an employee to your home to assist you with your phone. manager hangs up two minutes later. she says that she was screaming at her about how we're trying to kill her and hung up angrily. i don't know why along with my duties as a minimum wage electronics department retail worker, i've suddenly become an incognito 911 operator. and that's how my morning started on saturday november 8, 2014 at 7:34 am. tl;dr woman calls and demands we go to her home to help with a phone, screams at us for trying to kill her when we say no. so our pos system is stupid. you can't go back once you hit 'total', so if the price doesn't sound right to the customer, you can't go back and tell them the price on everything. i had my manager come help me because i'm still new and i all ready rerang this order once. my manager then hits the 'total' button, tries to go back, then turns to me... "sailor_doctorwho, what did you do!?" "what do you mean what did i do?" "i can't go back." "that's because you hit total" "no, i didn't. rering this up." "..." so for the 3rd time, i rang this customer up and the customer was just so fed up she didn't care about the price and left angrily. and apparently my manager thinks i ninja walked behind her, pressed total, and silently slipped away to my spot 2 feet away without her noticing. maybe it was just to spite her, i'm not sure since i didn't actually do that!i was called to see something in the back, and met an older lady with a cane asking for help. i wanted to pawn her off to a toy department employee, but it turned out just to be getting something off a shelf. back where i am, someone wanted to talk to a manager so i took the call. its the elderly lady and she apologizes for being a pain. put on the best retail smile and say i'm happy to help whatever you need. turns out we're running a promotion you need a mobile device for. she's old and has a pay as you go phone she can't do those things. she just bought 100 dollars worth of stuff for the grandkids. i tell her to give me a few minutes. just want to check the details of the promotion/how much she's deserved. she keeps telling me the frustrations of being old. i'm sympathetic and let her know i'll be refunding her the 25%. she really appreciated it and insisted on thanking me by buying me something. i honestly told her, if i made her day better, that's enough. she said she won't leave without a hug. so we hugged it out. first time i hugged a customer. i've been lurking here since i started my job at a supermarket, and finally i have a story i want to share! i was working self service on saturday, and somehow despite the fact that i'd only been there half an hour it felt like i'd received a full day's abuse, and i already hated every customer in existence. there was finally a quiet moment when miraculously i had no customers, and a sweet little old man came up and decided to use the self service machine for the first time since there was no queue. he told me he'd need some extra help, and i was happy to (especially because he was incredibly entertaining to talk to). i actually only had to show him where the scanner was, because he carefully read and followed all of the directions on the screen. i went a tidied up another machine so he didn't feel like i was hovering and when i came back he had finished his shop and was trying to pay for the shopping, by waving his £10 note in front of the scanner. "i can't get it to work." he looked at me in confusion. i told him these machine confuse everyone when it comes to paying because all of them are different and showed him the hole the notes go in, and he laughed at himself when he realised that of course the machines wouldn't scan anything without a barcode, and then he told me he'd probably be back in an hour because he'll have bought the wrong milk, and went off with his shopping bag to his wife.customer just called the store. she says she can't get into her account and needs to to pay her bill. i kindly tell her i can't go into her account over the phone, but if she has another phone to use she can call customer care to pay. she yells "read my lips. i dont have access to my account". i said, "ma'am, we're talking on the phone. i can't read your lips." needless to say. she didn't like that.customer was dawdling and we were getting ready to close. we can't say anything to them until a decent amount of time after we've actually closed. it's 15 minutes past closing time, they're still shopping. manager approaches customer. &gt;customer: i know you're closed but i'm almost done picking out my tupperware. &gt;manager: we're closing the registers so if you're going to purchase please do so in the next 5 minutes. our employees need to go home to their families. &gt;customer: you work retail, you chose this job, you gave up the rights to have a family or spend time with them. if you want family time get a real job. what. just what. also she had spent quite literally over 2 hours looking at tupperware. we have 2 shelves of it. i don't even know anymore. i was working cash and things were going normal. totally fine. it had been a great day. the store was starting to slow down and there were only two people left in my line. awesome. i finish bagging this older gentleman's(like late 40s, 50s) groceries and he pays. &gt;me: i'm just gonna put your receipt in your bag, alright? no one ever says no to this, so i start to put it in. someone grabs my hand to stop me. &gt;oldergent: hey! don't you know those things cause cancer? &gt;me: uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....nooo? &gt;oldergent: well they do. you should probably wash your hands after handling them. &gt;me: uhhhhhhhhh...okay. will do. the customer behind the older gentleman and i exchanged glances as he left. he didn't take his receipt. so three days ago i had a young woman come through my line trying to buy some items with a check. it was not hers, and declined it. she asked me why, and i explained it to her. she apologized, and was very understanding as the reason why. she said she needed the stuff so she was going to call her dad who was who the check belonged too. well about 20 minutes passed, and her dad showed up. he was not as understanding. he starts off with trying to say he has done this before. i told him i was following procedure, and was not allowed to accept a check from someone who's name was not on the check. i begin to rescan all the items while the man made snide comments about me not accepting the check. such as there last names are the same, and there addresses are the same, and i just replied that last names does not mean direct family, and the person had a common last name. also i never got as far as checking her id since the check had his name on it. it was that simple. as i finished scanning he handed me the check i denied, and i asked for his id. he then decided to blow up, and make a scene. he started screaming at me, and calling me several names. i looked at him, and just told him he needed to calm down. well as usual that just makes them even madder. he continues on, and my supervisor takes notice. he comes over, and i did not have to tell him what was happening as the guy was screaming about what i did asking for his id. the supervisor takes over, and the man gives my supervisor the id. he runs the rest through, and the man storms out screaming he was going to talk to my manager. the next day i get into work, and my manager calls me to his office. the man was true to his word except he went a step beyond. he called our corporate office. the manager asked me about what happened, and i told him what happened i did not accept the check from the woman, and asked for his id. the man was causing a scene the supervisor took over, and he said he was going to tell you about me. well corporate sent down to my manager that proper procedure was followed, and requested investigation to see if i had done anything wrong. the supervisor was asked about the situation, and i was in the clear. about half way into my shift the man walked into the door, and sees me at the counter. he an agitated grunt, and storms by. minutes later i hear him hollering. unfortunately i could not understand what he was hollering, but then a few minutes later the manager showed up, and told me the guy was mad because i was not fired. we began chatting, and he stopped suddenly as he had a call on his earpiece. he left in a hurry. a few minutes later he came through with security, and they were walking him out of the store. my manager stopped by on his way back through, and told me he was screaming at some customer, and one of our ladies in deli because the woman was waiting on an order, and the man did not want to wait. the manager asked me if i would write out what happened with me for some paper work, and he got the customers information. he was going to have the man served a no trespass order. i wonder how that is going to work out for the person who serves him. working at a movie theatre concession stand, i once had a customer demand my manager before anything had happened. while the manager leaned over my shoulder, she began ranting about how rude it was that the girl who sold her tickets didn't even stand up to greet her. before the manager had a chance to react, i replied, "she's in a fucking wheelchair... ma'am." (edit: apparently, i need to clarify so people's underwear remain in an unbunched state: i said this because i was shocked, not because i'm trying to sound like some sort of badass.) "just because she's a cripple doesn't mean she needs to be so fucking rude!" i work at one of the largest department store companies in the country. unfortunately one of our higher end competitors give customers everything they want, so it sets them up for the conversation i had with a customer on the phone the other day. i was working the fragrance counter when a customer calls. me: thank you for calling red star department store, fragrances, how may i help you? customer: hi, i was in your store the other day and purchased a $120 bottle of perfume, but today it broke. is there any way i can exchange it for a new one? me: definitely! did it stop spraying or the cap bust or something? customer: no, i knocked it off of my counter and it busted all over my floor. i have the glass in a bag, i can bring it in. me: so you dropped a glass bottle on the floor and it shattered and you think that's our responsibility? i'm sorry but we're not liable for that. there's nothing we can do to replace the bottle. customer: thats ridiculous, higher end retailer would never blame me for this! me: then you should probably buy your next fragrance from there. *hangs up*10am on a saturday. customer approaching my till (c): rough night last night? me: nope, i was actually here last night and had a quiet night in. c: you look so hungover. me (trying to not take it personally as a female who has to wear minimal make up to work): haha, i wasn't out or anything, that's strange. -i finish the transaction and he picks up his bags- c: anyway, i hope you feel better later and can clean yourself up a bit. not the best thing for a customer to shout at you in a busy store when your floor manager is close by. thanks, you horrible human. so i had a customer come up to me this morning asking if a product worked for whatever he needed and i responded with "absolutely, it does". customer: why do you say absolutely? me: what do you mean? what do you prefer me to say? customer: just don't say absolutely, i don't like people saying that to me. me: umm, okay... customer: do you have "product" anywhere? without thinking i respond with "absolutely, if you follow that wall *points to wall* it's to the left. at this point he got very annoyed and just walked away. no idea why he didn't like the word but i usually use it since it sounds polite in my language. today, a lady walked in my bakery and bought some cookies. their price was something like 6.30 euros, but she only had 6 euros on her. since i'm the owner i told her that it's ok, 6 is enough. so i gave her a receipt for 6 euros (cash register) and she left. five minutes later she was back to complain. "the receipt says 6 euros" she said. "yes, that's right" i said. "but you said it was 6.30" i was so confused. "yes" i said "and you didn't carry enough cash, so i told you it was ok to pay me only 6". "but the receipt says that the price was only 6! you asked for 6.30. why did you ask me for 6.30 in the first place?" "because i type the price of the product, and then it's printed on the receipt". it took her a minute. "oh." "......" "ok then, bye." so much for trying to be nice. customer just walked in and said "your curb just ripped the bumper off my car." i think i giggled a little. i was so taken aback. i finally said "i'm sorry, my curb didn't do anything, it just sat there." he didn't say anything, just looked at me for a minute. finally i said, "you'll have to talk to your insurance about that." he angrily huffed out of here and banged on the elevator a bit when he left. but it's not my curb that moved.so, i was a cashier working at a major grocery store chain. often, we have deals with items that are buy one, get one free. so anyways, onto the story. i was working as a cashier one night and this lady came up with nothing but items that were bogo (buy one, get one.) i always try to strike up conversation with customers to make the time go by so i mention how many good deals she's getting as i scan the items. she looks at me and proudly states "oh, i'm going take all of these groceries to one of your competitors to get store credit there. i do it all the time and they don't seem to mind. i've saved so much money doing this." i looked at her in confusion. she was buying things at our store for 50% off, and taking them to a competitor to get a store credit for 100% of their value per item. i rang her out but i didn't say anything after that. i wanted to tell her off for committing fraud and wasting food, but i valued my job.sort of. so, today was insane. i had an 8 hour shift, and spent about 45 minutes not on the register, 30 of those minutes being my break. it was crazy. having last minute shoppers always breeds rude ass people. i had this young guy in my line. he comes up, i say hello, he ignores me. i ask how he is, he ignores me. i ask if he has a store card, he gives me a short and rude "no". okay then. he's paying in cash and takes out his money to pay. he's counting out the last of his bills and i politely hold my hand out to take it. he pauses, looks at my hand, and throws the money onto the counter at me. yeah, probably one of the things i hate most that customers do. it's just so effing rude. especially when i'm holding my hand out and you look right at it and still act like a jackass. okay then buddy. call me a jerk for this move but i have no regrets. this guy is getting 98 cents back in change. i print out his receipt, slap it down on the counter, and he holds his hand out for the change. ...so naturally, i drop his change onto his receipt, smile, and say "have a nice day!" his face flushes with embarrassment and he mumbles a thank you. he spends about half a minute red faced and picking up his change. he won't look at me. i felt a little bad afterwards but like, come on. you saw my hand. you decided to be rude anyway. so enjoy me being rude back while still smiling at you. maybe next time he'll be nicer to the cashier. merry christmas.i used to work at a fairly large grocery chain as a cashier. there are a few incidents that i remember, but this is one of the worst. one day i was very tired at work. can't remember why, but i think it involved an all-nighter. however, i was still doing my very best to do my job well. i prided myself in my good speed and service. the problem is you could very easily tell i was tired (yawning, etc.). so i was putting through customers like normal and i had just finished one order and was starting the next one. i scanned the bacon at the start of her order, when she told me that it wasn't her bacon. i realized that it must have fallen over the divider from the previous order, and i stopped the woman before she left the lane. it was in fact hers, and it turned out that she had balanced it on top of her cereal boxes, so when the belt moved it fell back. no problem, i put it through as a separate order and rang it up. nothing out of the ordinary right? except then she turned to me as she left and said, &gt;you know, just because you're tired, doesn't give you an excuse to do a bad job. hearing that when i was that tired almost made me have a breakdown. [next story -&gt;](this happened yesterday, and while its not very exciting, i just wanted to share. so i work 2 different retail jobs. one of which is a big red office supply store. saturday and sunday we had a special coupon where if you brought it in....you got a free case of water...no purchase necessary. doesn't sound that bad right? except for the fact that customers are only allowed one coupon per person per day. and management is super strict about it. i know that even the richest of people would try to take advantage, but i also live in a low income area where we have a flea market righttttt down the street. any deals we have, people come get our cheap shit, and re-sell it for a higher price. so anyway, all day people came into the store. i greeted them, some greeted me back. but mostly they ignored me and grabbed the water by the door. came to my register and walked out. we had entire families come in, each holding a coupon. im talking 8 person groups. and then it happened. a couple came in, both with coupon in hand. they each came up. first the woman, who awkwardly asked some questions. then her boyfriend who didnt even glance at me. i told them to have a great day and they left. a few minutes pass and a couple comes up. its a little busy in the store and i am the only cashier scheduled for the day so i wasn't really paying attention but the couple looked oddly familiar. they walked out with water. my general manager walks up and says, "those people already got water. make sure that doesnt happen again. its one per person. they just had different coats on." after those words left his lips, guess who walks back in? general manager: sir!? you guys already got water twice. you're done for the day. its one per customer! water guy: you're gonna deny me my coupon? i am a new customer! i just came in! gm: sir, just because you're now wearing a hat, doesn't mean you're a different person.quick little story. today i had a teenager (around 16 i'm guessing) come up to the front desk where i work. he seemed nice enough. he was asking about getting a job with us, so i had him write down his info and told him to send in an application. not even five minutes later i see my manager running out the door yelling. turns out the kid who just asked about getting a job just got caught trying to steal some allergy medicine from us. so my manager walked him over to the nearest register and made him pay for it. aka the walk of shame. i saw this go down and couldn't resist myself. i yelled out "sorry, i don't think we're hiring right now."so i work at a smaller department store where at the front registers we have chocolate and popcorn and a bunch of other things no one really needs. when the candy/snack is going to expire in 30 days we separate it and sign it 50% off. because our pos doesn't know it's 50% we have to input it in manually. usually not a problem until this guy that came to my register with his wife. man: "this is supposed to be 50% but it doesn't say 50%!" me: "yeah it is 50% but i have to input the 50% manually when i ring it up. don't worry i'll make sure you get the right price!" (trying to be as nice as possible) wife: "i'm sorry he's always so pushy!" man: "no look it's not 50%! it should be 50% but the price on the tag is still regular price it should only be 4.99!" me: "sir i haven't rung it up yet give me a second." i ring the item up. man: "see it's not 50% i told you!" me: "sir i'm a human being not a robot you have to give me a second to type it in." wife: "you go girl! good job for saying that to him!" i had no idea what to say at that moment so i just finished the transaction and wished them a happy easter. (sorry if formatting is off i'm at work on my phone)so, i work in a big box home improvement retail chain in the us. on my phone, blah blah blah. so i have a lot of stories i have been wanting to post. this one is more funny than rage inducing. so, the store i work at is open until 10pm, except on sundays we close at 8pm. so, last sunday i was closing. due to it being slow i got out at about 820. i was outside waiting for my ride, talking to the wife of one of my coworkers as she waited for him to be done. a man pulled up in his pickup and started yelling at me. "why are you closed so early? that is illegal!" me: "we close at 8 on sundays. the hours are listed on the door as well as online." him: "it isn't sunday, you dumb bitch!" me: "i assure you, it is." him: "what? no! (checks phone) oh. well, thank you " me: " you are very welcome." him: "no! you are welcome! fuck you bitch!" he then proceeded to speed around me in the parking lot, doing donuts and tried to be intimidating. i just stood there, smoking and waiting for him to leave. it was made better by the fact that my coworkers wife was sitting there with a look of terror on her face, and was surprised that someone would talk to me like that. i told her, "every fucking day." i worked in a drug store chain for many years. one thing we sold was watch batteries. because many watches are very expensive, we were not authorized to change the battery. one customer got very upset saying that "you sell watch batteries, you have to change it." well, my wonderful manager says "we sell enemas but we don't give those either." loved that guy. loli used to work at an office supply store. the amount of shoplifting we got was insane. i'm walking towards the back of my store, restocking some shelves, when a woman comes up to me, holding a small address book. &gt;hi, i just wanted to check to see if the price for this was correct. i used the price scanner and it said $25. that can't be right. i know all of those little books are disproportionately expensive, so i'm pretty sure the price is correct. i check for her anyway. &gt;yep, it looks like its $25. sorry about that, for some reason all of those address books are oddly expensive. &gt;that's ridiculous. i'm just gonna steal it then. &gt;ok. and i walked away. if she really wanted to steal it, it's our policy not to stop them, which is probably why we have so much theft in the first place. i didn't stick around to see if she actually did take it or not, but i'm pretty positive she did. i'm just glad i don't have to deal with those customers anymore. edit: and sorry about the formatting, on mobile so it's a mess.i work as a fast food cashier, usually the opening shift. yesterday a man comes through and orders $20 worth of breakfast, then pulls up to the window and gives me the stink-eye. &gt;me: hi, your total is $20.26. &gt;him: (politely enough) do y'all offer a military discount? &gt;me: unfortunately, we do not. &gt;him: (angrily) well why the f**k not?! &gt;me: i'm sorry sir, i have no idea. i'm just a cashier. &gt;him: well you should start offering one. and drives off. i totally understand asking about military discounts. my so is a marine and i encourage him to ask at a lot of places, because the worst that happens is they'll say no. but why get angry over the $2 this guy would have saved? and why would the cashier have anything to do with it? some people are just idiots.hello, tfr!! this happened a few days back i work in a very well known pharmacy retail chain here in the states. it was a typical day except i was only doing a very short shift instead of a full 8, so i was full of spirit and pretty happy to be going home earlier for once. i was helping a very nice lady with her young 4 year old daughter. normally, it's the young ones that cause us problems but i digress. this happened word for word...and i couldn't be happier. starts off with the typical hello, how are you lines and then it came to ringing up her stuff. some of the items were a bit out of sight for me since some of the items were bulky, and next thing you know, the daughter starts grabbing the smaller items and handing them to me in the gentlest way ever. daughter: here you go, mister. me: thanks! i didn't see those! still, there were a few more items i still couldn't see and there she was, standing there and helping me. i've never had a single kid before help us out, normally they just chuck it at us or throw it in the basket for their parents to give it to us, but nope, this young girl was helping me out completely! me: thank you so much for the help! daughter: you're welcome, mister! i couldn't resist, gave the mom an in-store coupon of 5 bucks just to spend on her next time. sometimes...the young ones really make the day better. hello tfr! i work as a cashier at a high end grocery store. our store is pretty cool, actually, in that we have a bar inside. the bar is situated towards the back of the store, right next to our meat department and in front of our restrooms. it's quite large and hard to miss, or at least i thought so until this lady! i was redlining at my register like a good little cashier when a lady comes up to me and this conversation happens: lady: hello, where are the restrooms? me: they're located directly behind the bar. *pointing down the aisle where you can see the wall of the bar* lady: *deer in headlights look* wait, you have a bar in here? me: yes ma'am, towards the back of the store *points again* and directly behind it is our restrooms. lady: oh! you must've just installed it! me: the bar? no ma'am, it was built along with the building and opened with us back in september. lady: *shakes her head at me in disbelief and then starts walking away* no no no, i've never seen it. i was just here last week. you must've just gotten it. i just found it humorous that she had to convince herself that we had just installed it to make herself feel better. some guys like to do this to female cashiers and although it is a small gesture, it is incredibly demeaning and always pisses me off. when he goes to pay with cash (it is always a guy that does this, in my experience), he holds the money out then pulls it away as the cashier reaches for it. then he looks her straight in the eye, as if expecting her to giggle coyishly or to plead for his money. i refuse to reach for anyone's money after they do this and make them set it on the counter. i'm ringing you up, not giving you a lap dance, so i'm not gonna put on a show for your money.this is my first story here, but i have more. this happened only 3 days ago. i work at a somewhat large gas station. despite its size, we typically only have 1 person working at a time. we're never very busy. anyway, i'm working the closing shift and the store, as always, is pretty dead after 9:00pm. a woman walks in; she's skinny, tattooed, and wearing lots of makeup. she wanders around for a long time without really looking for anything in particular. i'm thinking, "whatever, people show up high all the time." eventually she decides on some things and brings them to the counter. i do the standard "anything else for you/your total is" thing and she starts making small talk. &gt;"man, pay day sounds good about now." &gt;"yeah, i get my paycheck tomorrow." &gt;"oh really? i get paid every day." then she leans in closer and looks me in the eyes. &gt;"got any big plans with that paycheck of yours?" &gt;"um, i'm saving for school haha..." i think i need an adult. a woman brought a dead electronic item to our return counter and insisted that she bought it from us along with an extended warranty, but she had no receipt. a half hour of searching our database for the transaction turned up nothing under her name. the woman left briefly and i asked the cashier, 'could she have bought it under another name, or a company name?' the cashier said, 'i already asked and she said no.' after another 15 minutes of fruitless looking, *i* asked the woman if she could have given another name during the purchase. 'no,' she barked, glaring at me. the cashier finally found the transaction in our database by searching for the woman's email address. the transaction listed the woman's correct email address, her street address and her phone number ... and an entirely different name. "oh, that's just another name i use ... sometimes," she said, avoiding eye contact.dear person who arrived at my supermarket at 3 minutes past close, yes, we are in fact shut - that's why the door wouldn't open for you. no, i'm not going to let you in. no, i don't care that you just ran 5 minutes to get here; you should have left 5 minutes earlier. yes, i am aware it's "only 3 minutes" past - i have to go home. even if i did let you in, i couldn't serve you because i've counted my register and i'm not about to count it again. no, it doesn't take "like 30 seconds" to count my register, and even if it did, that would be 30 seconds i could be leaving work earlier, not to mention time spent waiting for you to buy your stuff. no, the self-checkouts are not working; they're signed off. no, my manager won't let you in either. he wants to go home too. no, kicking the door won't help. no, going to the other door and yelling won't help. no, kicking the receiving bay door won't help. no, i don't care if you "starve to death". even if you do die because i refused to serve you, i feel it's probably more your fault than mine. sincerely, somebody who's just worked 9 hours and has to be up again in 6not a super awful story, but irritating just the same. i worked in a department-type store last summer. like most department stores, we sold some candy, caramel corn, and stuff at the front register, but no actual food, like meals or anything. this one lady comes up to me at the register and asks if we sell lunch. i say no, and she asks where she could get it. there's a wendy's and a panda express across the street, as well as a few local stores, so i name those. she shakes her head, and says "no, i want lunch". i then name a fewer high end places nearby, thinking she wants a good, nice lunch. she then yells "no! i want lunch!" and pantomimes holding a bag. "a...lunchbox?" i ask. she then yells yes, that's what she wanted, and is confused as to why i would think she wanted lunch. i tell her no, we don't sell those, and she huffs and says "you don't sell lunch...". i'm sorry for thinking that you meant lunch when you said lunch!i needed a manager to allow the current transaction to continue, but it was a busy day and had to wait for a manager, when the guy behind them asked what the hold up was (in a friendly way, this guy wasn't rude at all) and realized we needed a manager, he mentioned he knew how to get a manager to show up. then he yells "what do you mean there's no manager" and like 5 seconds later a manager shows up. he mentioned he took a while because he was being yelled at by another customer.first time posting here ^-^ so i worked for a major fast food chain back in 2010, at 17 it was my first actual job and i was so innocent. but this is not a tale about the bad customers, no those come later, this is a tale of the best regular we had. i worked on the front cash register and about once a week this older black man would come in around lunch and patiently wait until the crowd dispersed. i can't recall exact conversations but he would always smile and ask how i was doing, tell me i looked nice and just be very friendly and sweet. after talking he would proceed to apologize before emptying his pockets of quarters and crumpled dollar bills and order a water, value fries, and a value burger. my shift manager always gave him extra fries and something that was left behind, small burger or nuggets usually whatever was going to be thrown out anyway, because he was just an amazing person. he always left his table clean and made sure to wish everyone a blessed day. this man made my time there so much better and i do wonder sometimes what happened to him and wish i could have helped him more. edit: wow this got popular fast! makes me feel good that the old man is getting the recognition. thank you everyone for reading!!!!short story, english is not my first language blah blah. my friend has a private nail salon and always offers a very large box of [celebrations candy]( on the table for customers. normally people eat one while they wait, sometimes kids take two or three (you can see where this is going)... so after she paid, a middle aged lady asked "are these free?" to which my friend replied yes. the customer opens her purse and nonchalantly pours the *entire box* of chocolates in it. some of them fall down to the table, she swipes them to the edge of the table and into her purse, which is at this point filled to the brim with chocolates. she shakes my friends' hand and happily walks off. ... the same lady wanted to know if there's any way to stop her nails from growing for good since "filing is work", claiming the nail salons keep this a secret so they won't go out of business.*phone rings* me: "thank you for calling [store] how may i help you?" customer (c): "what time do you close?" me: "we close at 7:00 exactly" c: "if i get there at 7:05 will you be able to help?" me: "unfortunately not, we close at 7 and our system will be shut down for the night" c: "but why can't you help me?" m: "because we'll be closed." c: "but [competitor] stays open later, why won't you help me?" me: "because we'll be closed" c: *hangs up*this may be my favorite thing that has ever happened while working, and i figure this best place to share it is with you all :) be me, weird girl, 18. i work as an overnight manager at everyone's favorite fast food place. i normally work 11pm-7am, or 2300-0700 for all you military enthusiasts. this means that not only do i get the idiot stoned teenagers, i get the early morning coffee crowd. between 4-6, i rarely see any new faces. one of my regulars, let's call him "red" comes in every morning for a coffee and a burrito. super nice guy, one of my favorites. another regular, who i'll call "splenda", is a very sweet lady who comes through every morning at about the same time. yesterday, red asked to pay for the car behind him(unusual) and it happened to be splenda. being 4am, she was caught of guard but told me to say thank you when i saw him next. fast forward to this morning, and splenda is in front of red. she asks to pay for the car behind her. i can't help but laugh and tell her that it's the same guy who paid for her. they both loved the coincidence and everyone ended up with a slightly brighter morning. the other day while working two middle school boys walked into the store. we are very close to the middle school so lots of students come down after school for candy. i happened to know one of the kids as his mother coached girls volleyball with my dad many, many years ago. although i do not think he recognized me at all. they bought two boxes of candy and their total was $3.52 so their change was $16.48. the kid i knew told me to keep the $0.48 and just to give him the $16. i finished up the transaction and thought nothing of it. about an hour later i see the two kids respond with the mother who i know. she immediately recognized me but that didn't seem to change her attitude. &gt; "he said he only got $11 back instead of $16!" i thought back on the transaction and distinctly remember pulling out 3 $5's. i told her this but she didn't believe me and asked if we could check the drawer. luckily the manager was walking by and i had he quickly count the drawer. drawer came out perfect. goddamn kid took one of the 5's and pocketed it thinking his mother wouldn't find out.another story i saw on here reminded me of my own story. i used to work at a red big box store. one day, a lady came through my line with argan oil. at the time, it was a really expensive product. i rang it up with all of her other items and she stopped me to ask for a discount. i looked at it and there was nothing wrong with the package at all. she said she wanted a discount because there was a rubber band on the box. i almost face palmed and politely told her that a rubber band on a perfectly good package was not a reason to get a discount. she got angry and smashed the box herself. she then, very smugly, said "there, now it's damaged. what is my discount?" i took the oil and removed it from the transaction. i told her that it was too damaged to be purchased. she looked at me like i had grown a second head and paid for the rest of her stuff. as she was leaving, the lady behind her asked if she could purchase the oil as it had been the last one. of course i sold it to her at a discount. sorry for any formatting or spelling/grammar errors, english isn't my first languageso i work in fairly expensive ice cream shop and i've only recently had this job. we're open from 11 am to 11 pm and one day two weeks ago i had a shift that started right at 11. so i show up in my uniform ten minutes until and outside the door is a mom and her three young daughters patiently waiting for our store to open so they can get a treat. i don't have access to a key and the doors are locked. i peered inside and my manager is focused on the register. i knock on the door to get his attention so he can let me in so i can get prepared for my shift and when i do that one of the little girls looks up at me with a frown and says, &gt;you need to wait. it caught me completely off guard and i manage to say "but i work here and don't have the key to get in." mom bursts out laughing. it was all good my manager lets me in and a few minutes later we open and the family gets their ice cream. i just thought it was funny and kind of sweet that the girl told me off for potentially being a rude and impatient customer.this homeless man always comes to my cash so i can give him some bills for his change. he's young, in his twenties, and instead of simply begging on the street with a cup, he plays some good music with an old guitar. i'm the only person who will take the time to open my cash and sit there counting his change and give him bills so he's really appreciative. he's been a regular for a few months. today, as a thank you for me changing his money, he left me a nice tip (only my second tip in a year of working as a florist), and told me how much he appreciates my help. i tried to not accept it, but he just smiled and left. that man was more generous than 99% of the rich snobs that i cater to. he made my day. edit: wow! first page on tfr! thank you! i wish all that karma goes straight from here to him! just a quick one that surprised me. i work at a small tourist attraction with tour guides who dress up in costumes. a guy came in and asked to take a picture with one of them and if it cost anything. we joked with him saying it would cost $200 bucks, then saying we'd settle for a box of donuts. he laughed, took a picture and left. 5 minutes later he showed up with a dozen donuts and said to enjoy them. he knew we were joking, so it was a bit surprising. still, put a smile on our faces. long time lurker, first time poster in talesfromretail. i'm sure most people in this sub know by now but for those who don't, in the uk as of october 2015, any business with over 250 employees have to charge 5p for plastic bags. so i work in a store in the uk that sells games, accessories and things of that nature. i had just finished serving a lady who was buying sims 3 on 360 for her daughter, transaction was smooth, said thanks and they left. about 30 seconds later a guy comes in with the game presumably to be a husband. lawyer guy: got a bag for this? me: sure it'll be 5p lawyer guy: no it won't, i'll take one for free me: i'm afraid i can't as its against the law, we have to charge for them. lawyer guy: you can't charge me if the bag has the companies logo on it (not true) i'm a lawyer i know about these things. me: still have to charge you 5p. lawyer guy: fine i'll have a refund then. me: sure if you have the receipt so i can process it through the till. he then walks outside the shop and gives the game to his wife who i had served previously, she walks in and asks "is it 5p?" so i told her he wanted a refund and she rolled her eyes, sighed, paid for the bag, said thanks and walked out. the one thing that baffled me out of all of this is, why would you boast to me that you're a lawyer earning god knows how much money whilst complaining about something so trivial as a 5p bag?  our store closed at 8pm christmas eve, and at 7:45 pm this man comes up to me panicked asking me where we had a rc starwars toy. as i was well aware we were sold out for over a week on the item i told him this. he asks me to check the back, and i tell him it would be no use as we had not gotten any in all week, and there was no freight coming in on christmas eve. the man looks at me dead in the eye, and told me i was heartless, and ruined his childs christmas. this of course is not the first time i had been told this, and won't be the last time either. since i looked like i was not worried about this the man stormed off, and demanded a manager fire me for ruining his kids christmas. which did not happen. my manager told me i should at least look sorry, and i told him i would if i was, but it is not my fault he waited until 15 minutes from our closing time to go christmas shopping for his kids presents. i am not responsible for his poor planning, and said piss poor planning on his part does not constitute an emergency on mine. the manager quipped back. damn i forgot you are a military brat. i laughed as he told me to just keep cleaning up. tl;dr. man waited 15 minutes until store closed to shop for his kids christmas presents we were sold out of a toy he wanted. i got blamed for ruining christmas. because i did not look sorry he told a manager to fire me. did not work out the way he wanted. it was christmas eve, and lucky me i was organizing the dog shoes(people will steal one and only one shoe). customer: excuse me, what time do you open tomorrow? me: we're closed tomorrow, in fact we're closing in half an hour. customer: that is unacceptable! i need a manager! me: sure just a second *i flag her down from the next aisle* manager: what's the problem? customer: i want to shop tomorrow. manager: we're closed tomorrow, but you can always use our website. customer: i'll be here no matter what! the next day one associate and a manager come in for an hour to feed the animals. they hear someone banging on the door. it's the customer from yesterday. manager#2 tells her they're just feeding the animals and that the store is closed. he locks the door and gets back to work. the "customer" starts ripping at the seal around the door and kicking the glass. the police were called and they took her away in handcuffs. i'm sure she had a lovely christmas. we had holiday hours posted since halloween.so i have been working in a fast food chain for about six months now, it's a pretty low business store and my co workers are all pretty funny and chill to be around i'm in the back making food on the night shift, it's really dead and there is only two employees, me making the food and another taking the (very few and far in between) orders an older man in his mid sixties or so comes in and orders a burger and fries, pretty standard, and since business was slow , i make it fresh off the grill he eats the burger and comes back up to the counter pretty awkwardly. i was worried he was going to complain because our manager had left to grab some coffee from the nearby gas station "can i see the person who made this burger? " he demanded, and my co worker haplessly pointed me out so i approach the counter from the back and he reaches out and shakes my hand " son, that's the best sandwich i've had in years, i don't know what you did to it but it's amazing " i stood there with a stupid grin and said thank you, then he slipped me a 10 dollar bill, tipped his hat, and left it's the small things like this which make me kinda like my jobyet another story from fast food. when someone places an order, we have to ask them for their name. then, i look at the screen and run the orders out. the next order was for "batman". i go to the counter. &gt;me: "order for batman." &gt;customer: "yeah, that's me. you just got one thing wrong." &gt;me: "i'm sorry. what is it?" &gt;customer: "you spelled my name wrong, it's supposed to be bruce wayne". ---- i walked right into that one. wow. tl;dr: batman orders food, is actually bruce wayne. so, here's this bloke. about 65. it's early in the morning, and he's getting food from our breakfast bar so he can eat breakfast with his 25ish son. they're behind a lady in line who has actual groceries. so when they walk up, the lady is about halfway through paying. but the instant the dad reaches my line, he tries to hand me his cash for his order. i tell him, "sir, if you'll give me just one second, i can finish up with this woman and i'll be right with you." he glares at me but retracts his money. a minute later, the lady leaves, and i turn back to the man, who shoves his twenty at me and then stares at me blankly when i take it. i weigh his food, ring him up, and it comes out to, like, 15.32 or something. i tell him that that's his total, and he just stares at me and takes his food. i shrug and put it into the register. now, once you enter the amount into the computer, you're not supposed to change it, even if you know for sure the amount in the register will be the same, it's just company policy. so as i'm putting the twenty in, he goes, "wait, i was going to give you the 32 cents." *why the fuck didn't you, then,* i think, but whatever. "sorry! i should have asked. unfortunately, i can't change it now that i've put it into the computer." he tries to convince me to for a minute, then he gets mad and says, "your way or the highway, right? bitch." he yanks his change from my hand and walks off with his very awkward-looking son. here's where the story gets impossible. i'm going on with my day, forgotten all about the guy, ringing up other people, when i hear a little throat clear from the end of my register. i look over, and it's the guy. and you won't believe what he said. he said, "i am *so* sorry about earlier." he really did! he apologized! he explained that he has low blood sugar that makes him very cranky, but that that was no excuse, and he felt so bad for being so rude and short with me. i told him it was absolutely fine, and he wished me a beautiful day and left. he apologized! a real customer actually gave me an unprompted apology for their rudeness! i spent the rest of the day just *glowing* with happiness.this happened on christmas eve. i was having a very long day and i was exhausted. this young couple walked in and the guy asked for number candles for his grandmother's birthday cake. me: which numbers would you like? him: two ones and a zero. me: wow is she 110 years old? him: haha yeap. 110! me: that's incredible! him: hey, you think that's a lot? she's healthy as a horse! me: isn't it? i hope she stays strong and healthy! i was honestly surprised but as they were walking out i saw them laughing at each other. and that's when i realised my mistake. today he came back for something else. me: so, she's 101 isn't she? him: haha yes, you remember. me: still a lot, by the way. i guess he was nice about it, but i kinda felt bad about the other day. they did laugh with my stupidness after all. edit: thank you guys for saying that i wasn't stupid :dso this happened today before i left work. guy comes in and starts taking a bunch of tools. i mean this dude was not being subtle. so i came up to him asking if he was ready to pay for those parts and just bolts to the door making the alarm go off. now at that moment when he was stealing two cops show up and are heading toward the store. the shoplifter gets to the door and sees the cops and just stays frozen there. i come out and tell the cops that he was shoplifting. they grab him and searched him. they find about $100 worth of stuff. they arrest him and put him the patrol car. man talk about having the worst timing ever.i worked at a telecommunications company a while back and just remembered this one. i was helping a customer put a screen protector on his phone in front of his two kids (around 10 years old would be my guess) and it was taking a while because i'm quite anal and need to do these things perfectly. his kids kept pestering me/their dad with questions like "what's he doing? why is this taking so long? "i want to go to the pet store!" "can you hurry up?!" etc. i look up from the screen protector to the kids and say "just so you guys know, if you ask somebody lots of questions and tell them to hurry up, it usually makes them slow down" the kids kind of look at me and their dad says "kids, do you know what he just said?" the kids shake their heads "he just told you to shut up really nicely" it absolutely was 100% true and completely made my day. i discounted his screen protector because i couldtonight i got the dreaded closing shift, which meant dealing with last second customers making messes in a rush to get their eggs or laundry detergent that they absolutely need tonight and not tomorrow morning or else how could they possibly continue living. at 8:59 pm i get a whole group of these customers consisting of a mom, dad, and three loud obnoxious kids. the mom takes her sweet time grabbing cheese and eggs and whatever else she needs as she tells her children "they can't kick us out, it's illegal. i can take as long as i need and if she(meaning me) tries to kick us out, i'll call over the gm and she'll get in trouble!" i almost laughed at that. i really wanted to be like "ma'am, i will happily call over my gm for you and then she will happily kick you out herself!" even better, as she was leaving(5 minutes after we closed) my coworker comes over and tells me that she said we could get fined for kicking her out and we'd have to pay $15,000. wish she had stayed in the store so that we could have called the police and watched her explain to them that if they kick her out they'd have to pay $15,000.this happened today at the bakery/coffee shop i work at. i was at the coffee machine and had a small line of people waiting for their coffees when a woman comes up to the store and proceeds to attach her dogs leash to the handle on our front door. the dog was barking a lot and she started to walk in. i'll be "me" and she will be "dl" for dog lady. me: i'm sorry ma'am you can't tether your dog to the front door. there's an area over to the left where people often tether their dogs. dl: no she needs to be right by the door so she can see me the whole time or she gets upset. me: i'm sorry but people can't get in or out if your dog is there. dl: fine i'll go somewhere else then. mind you, the place where you can tether your dog is still visible from inside the store. it was just so strange to me that someone would try and tie their dog to the handle of the front door that people need to use to get in and out. did she not think people would try and exit and hit her dog with the door? my grandad just told me this and i thought you'd all enjoy a crazy customer story through the eyes of a customer. i'll tell it from his point of view. "so i was trying on some jumpers that were on sale, they were a really good bargain so it was busy. i hung my jacket on a hanger so it wouldn't get dirty on the floor and turned away to look at the racks. when i turned back some guy was trying on my jacket! my jacket! i said "excuse me, that's my jacket." but the guy says "no it's not, you're trying on the jumpers" "that is my jacket, my phone is in the pocket." "well you could have just put it there to hold it, but you can't do that while you're trying on something else so i'm taking it." at this point i've had enough and i want my damn jacket back so i shout at the him "look mate, i've had a shit day and i just want to do my shopping in peace. the government has just taken all my money and now you're trying to take the clothes off my back. it is my fucking jacket with my fucking phone in the pocket so give it back before this becomes a problem." (my grandad is a 70yr old 6'5 badass) everyone is looking now so the guy gives me my jacket back but he still follows me out the door before he's certain i was trying to steal his bargain." tldr: crazy old peoplei'm a cashier at a home improvement store. i was in the garden booths ringing people out. we give veterans 10% military discount. for about a week we've had a sale on mulch which was 4 for $10. $2.50 each bag. it is already at its lowest selling price. so i get an older gentleman and he shows me his military id. okay, cool. but wait a second... all he's buying is 4 bags of mulch... the discount won't work with it. i explain to him why the discount won't work and he says "what's the point of being a veteran?" yes, sir.... you did what you did to get discounts at a home improvement store.... edit: a word at the pet store for returns over $25 without a receipt, you need to show id(drivers licences, state id, passport, military and even foreign ids are all ok). their name and address are put into the system to keep an eye out for fraud. you can guess how this went over. me: ok, and because you don't have a receipt and the return is $50 i'll need to see your id. customer: just do the damn return! me: i cant, even managers cant over ride the system. customer: i don't have one, drivers licences are a government conspiracy!! me: *picks up phone* customer:wha...what are you doing !? me:calling the police, i saw you drive in here and you just told me you don't have a drivers license. customer: wait! i have one, i have one! *pulls out license* me:*finishes return*thank you and have a nice day.i used to work at a grocery store. one day i was stocking shelves and started to work up a sweat so i took my jacket off and hung it over the handle of the cart i had with me. so i'm working, and after a bit i see this lady approach me out of the corner of my eye. she hasn't said anything so i figure she was needing something from the shelf i was working on. i turn to look at her. me: can i help you with anything? that's when i notice that she wasn't waiting for my help, but was standing there with my jacket held up in front of her, inspecting it. customer: is this for sale? this struck me as odd because we didn't sell any clothing, just food. me: oh, that's mine. i laughed and held out my hand, but she ignored me entirely and continued to inspect my jacket. she turned it this way and that, and looked at the size tag. c: how much is it? me: it's my jacket. it's not for- c: oh i don't know if it will fit. dumfounded, and frustrated that she isn't listening to me, i watch in horror as she goes to try my jacket on when she's easily twice my size. she gets an arm partway in and is struggling to make it stretch to put her other arm in. and what do i do? i step around her and strip my jacket off of her. she tries to hold onto it and i jerk it out of her hands. c (appalled): im going to buy that! me: mam this is my jacket. a sudden wave of understanding finally floods her face. she says: oh. and then simply walks away. wtf.the customer walked in, i smiled and said good morning, and he just stared at me, so that was my indication he wasn't going to be very pleasant. when he came through my line a few minutes later with a couple small items, he proved my theory to be true. &gt;me: is that everything for you? &gt;grumpy: *stares at me* &gt;me: okay... would like a bag for it? &gt;grumpy: no. &gt;me: alrighty. your total is $xx.xx he pays, and i go to hand him his receipt. &gt;grumpy: *blank stare* where's my bag? &gt;me: you said you didn't want one... &gt;grumpy: well i changed my mind! &gt;me: well you never told me, so i didn't know. i bagged his items and wished him a good day and he left mumbling something about "incompetent women." *sigh*a really short one today. i had a customer come in and place an online order for a product we didn't have in-store. i was collecting her information when i asked her for her name. "katelyn," she told me. "and can you spell that for me?" i asked. she looked at me with an expression of pure disgust, then asked, "you literally don't know how to spell katelyn?" pretty proud of myself for not missing a beat as i replied, "on the contrary, i can think of about ten ways to spell the name 'katelyn' right now. how do you spell it?"i went to visit my dad today. he wanted me to bring my dog so he could hang out with her for a couple of hours while i got my hair done and ran a couple of errands. when i got back, he asked me if i remember telling him about how crappy my day was at work at my old job, and i would sometimes get a tip from a customer which would cheer me up. &gt;me: sure, i remember. &gt;dad: i think you'll be proud of me. i went to get lunch at [chicken place he goes to often] and there was a new girl working the front. the people in front of me had a really big order and they were making the order really confusing for her. she asked her coworkers for help, but they ignored her or told her she's gotta be able to figure it out on her own. she kinda reminded me of you when you were younger, and she looked like she was about to cry. she ended up getting the order for them done, and when it was my turn, i told her she did a good job getting my meal for me, and i tipped her $5. &gt;me: oh, cool! yeah that was really nice of you, could you tell it brightened her day? &gt;dad: yeah, she was really surprised! it made my cold retail heart a little less icy today. it'll be back tomorrow, i already got two emails about a customer with a cluster of an issue to fix. just thought i'd share!we have two sets of registers in the athletic themed store where i work. one does returns/exchanges and the other does not. the one that doesn't do them has signs all over it saying where we do them so customers can see them and not wait in line only for us to tell them to go to the other registers. today was busy, like really super busy (damn you football) and i was at the registers that don't do returns/exchanges. the line would build up and the other girl on the registers and i would get through it as fast as we could so people wouldn't get mad. a lady gets to my register after waiting in line for a few minutes (less than ten minutes) and is holding a bag from where i work and says she wants to do a return. i tell her that i'm sorry but i can't do returns at these registers, if she goes to the other set of registers they can help her there. she was not happy. &gt;customer: (very loudly) goddammit! are you fucking kidding me? the line over there is ridiculous, that's why i came over here. you should really put up signs so people can know. so i pointed to the blaze orange 9"x11" sign attached to all the registers and the five neon yellow 9"x11" signs on the poles next to the line where she had been standing for the last few minutes. &gt;me: there are nearly 10 all around these registers. &gt;customer: (still very loudly) i'm filling a corporate compliant about you, i shouldn't have to deal with this. you should have just done my return. so she throws down the bag with her returns in it and storms off. i'm confused, the other cashier is confused, and the other customers in line that started paying attention when she raised her voice are confused. barely a minute later she stomps back over, grabs her bag, and nearly runs out of the store. a few customers laughed and i refrained from laughing. i can only assume i'm going to have to talk to a manager tomorrow but the other cashier will back me up that it was the customer that screwed up, not me.hey first story :) working at a large fast food chain. today 2 customers come in. they had a coupon ''buy one sausage and egg, get a second free''. now the problem with this couple isn't the fact their coupon is over 4 months out of date, it's how they treated me. now i'm not managing, so i decide it's best to just ask the manager on shift if it's okay they still get their free one. i go to tell the couple that i'm just asking my manager ''no, we always get it free. always, we took a stack of the magazine with the coupon and you always give it to us free you obviously don't know who we are. you don't have to ask newbie''. i'm not new, i'm usually just in drive thru. i tell them that i'm asking my manager anyway. manager says it's cool. ''okay so that's, 2 sausage and egg and one is free so $4'' the woman looks angry ''wrong wrong wrong, we want 3 not two'' of course, i'm used to awful customers ''okay $8'' ''no wrong, we just gave you a coupon!'' ''it's a coupon for one free with every purchase. one free sausage and egg per customer per day'' ''yes, so?'' ''that means you have to purchase your other one'' ''but i gave you a coupon!'' ''it says buy one get one free. you can only have one free'' ''lair, i want my 2 free ones. don't you try to cheat me out of this newbie, i want 3''. ''there is 3, you still have to pay for 2 of them'' ''why are you being so ridiculous?! i have a coupon'' finally, i go and fish the coupon out the bin and show her ''see, buy one get one free'' ''i don't see why you can't just give me another for free'' ''because i was actually being nice by giving you the free one anyway with your out of date coupon'' ''you're new, so it's fine i'll pay for two''i was cashiering at a grocery store a few years back when i got to experience this exchange. i had an elderly black gentleman at my register, and the cashier behind me had a woman with her toddler in the cart. the toddler had a very light sunburn, barely noticeable, but the woman was bemoaning about how her "poor child" had to deal with "such a terrible sunburn" and how it was such a burden for her. when she finally paused, the gentleman at my register said loudly, "yeah, i've been trying to get rid of my sunburn my whole life!" the woman and other cashier froze, but i thought it was so funny i dropped whatever i was scanning trying to hold in laughter. it didn't help when he pointed at me and said "yeah, she got it!" he left with a huge grin and a tip of his baseball hat, and us cashiers had a few moments of chuckling before the next customer came up. we were having a nice busy evening, and were a bit spread thin with only two of us working. in walks the world's dumbest criminal. okay, she was pretty slick, she managed to get several items before slipping out the door with a "thankyougoodnight" before we even really noticed. the apron was a good idea on her part, as it concealed the items very well. she had scoped the cameras pretty well, too. she missed the reflection that wasn't hidden from the camera, but who wouldn't? the fact that it was an apron from her work, was a less good idea, since there are only two of those places in our smallish town. she is awaiting a court date. edit: missed a word. seriously, who goes to a department store at 5:30 on a friday and thinks it wouldn't be packed?! i was on registers last night, because they take me off men's all the time cause im amazing at getting people to apply for charge cards. i have a line of five people, and im helping them as awesomely as always until this old woman gets in line and within two minutes yells, "you know, some of us have places to go!" she proceeded to scoff loudly and stamp her legs for a whole three minutes before the amazing people in line just laid into her and hammered her to be next. it was beautiful! "oh shit, it's the center of the universe! i didn't realize!" "oh, you can go next, you seem a bit unstable!" "god, i hope no one else has to deal with you today, just go first!" my customers all made her feel so bad her head was shrugged in shame and she barely spoke while she bought her $24 pajamas. i gave everyone in that line 20% off! i'm allowed to give discounts to my discretion and they all earned it for standing up for me.i recently got hired at a store that buys and sells used dvds, cds, games, etc. i love it, it's honestly the best job i've had minus my manager messaging me on facebook when i'm not at work but i still dig. so the other day it was about an hour and a half before closing and i was getting ready to ring someone up. the customer pointed out to me that one of the games he was purchasing had the disc inside (note that we take everything out but inserts and then put them on the sales floor so that the discs are behind the counter). i looked at a coworker and questioned if someone might have passed it up or something and then the customer interrupted me by saying; &gt;"so since the disc is in there, do i get it for free?" i was baffled, you're asking me that because the product is in its case, you get it for free?today at my local retail inc i was put on registers to assist the cashiers. also, my price checking duties were done and i had nothing to do so why not? anyway, i'm taking customers and going along my merry way when i was requested by bag lady to put all of her items in one big bag (we have 2 types: really small or really big). i get requested this now and then and it's no problem. after finishing up, i give her her receipt and expect this to be the end of it. but not quite: &gt;bag lady: hey &gt;me: yes? &gt;bl: why is my bag so heavy? of all the things to ask. &gt;well, you requested all the items in one bag. &gt;bl: yeah, but i didn't want the bag to be this heavy! i don't feel like giving a physics lesson because i have others waiting &gt;bl: the store down the street can put the same amount in their big bags and they're much lighter! your store needs to catch up! and she leaves in a huff. guess it's time to go and tell my boss we need anti-gravity bags like the other store.work at petrol station, open 24h. we have a customer who comes in complaining about not getting his disability money in time because the payment office are so "mean" to him. (he gets more money in disability than i earn). he mentions this every. single. time. because of this he often asks if he can fill his tank with petrol now and pay tomorrow. we always say no, but he keeps asking. this guy is weird, and quite fat, and likes to just drive around at night saying that he is so bored. some times he gives us a bottle (here you get money back when you return empty plastic bottles for recycling) and asks to take a piece of candy. he will also ask me if i smoke, wanting me to give him cigarettes for free. the other night he was talking to me, again complaining about not having any money. then he asks me "don't you have any food that is being thrown away that i can have?" i tell him no, i'm not allowed to do that (for obvious reasons) and he just loudly exclaims "yeah, well i guess it is better to let people starve then?!?" so i just look him up and down and say "oh, i'm sure you're not in immediate danger of that happening!" which quite effectively shut him up and made him leave. i hate that creepy bastard. he wears a tank top on the outside of his t-shirt! who does that?i run a terrible little shop in a uk service station. most of the time it is very quiet allowing me to spend time browsing reddit, but occasionally we get people come in, both to browse, buy, steal and occasionally like this couple, because they were lost. it was an older couple, and they were visibly shaken and both seemed on the edge of tears. they were late for a consultation at a clinic, had taken a wrong turn and didn't know where they were. so i helped as best i could. i found the phone number of their clinic, lent them my phone so they could let them know what was happening, told them where they were, showed them their route and provided them with a map (google maps printed) showing them how to get home. i keep getting told my job satisfaction should lie in making big sales, but i really don't care. its the people like this that i can help that keeps me from going insane. read a story earlier that reminded me. about 2 years ago i was working stacking shelves at a supermarket. we had large cages with stock on them that we use to break down the stock and stack the shelves. so i was in my aisle, stacking away when a man and his family (wife and 2 young girls) enterred the aisle behind me. the man proceed to say "get the f#@$ out of my way, stupid girl." i, being a good drone, smiled brainlessly, moved my cage and said "sorry sir". when suddenly... my guardian angel in the form of another customer came out from behind the rude man and said "excuse me, you apologise to this young lady right now! have you no shame? and in front of your kids too!" the man looked shocked and ashamed then apologised to me before scurrying off with his family. i thanked her, she told me i was allowed to stand up for myself, then went on her way. hooray for customers that will stand up against rude people!so i do online chat for a retail store. we have all previous chats automatically save and pop up when a new one starts. it's helpful. cuts chats in "i wanna use x promo on y item" me. unfortunately, that particular brand is excluded. i'm really sorry about that. cust "the person i just talked to said that it works. so you have to honor it" honestly we usually do honor most of them. it was 10% off a cheap jacket. but i have to check and see if we really did say we would honor it. so i pull up the chat and the cust is asking a bunch of specific questions on items we sell. never asked about a promo at all. me. "actually sir i'm looking at your previous chat with coworker, and i'm not seeing that promo mentioned anywhere in the conversation" immediately ends the chat. it was beautiful. so i'm at work at my auto part store trying my bstt not to kill the many idiots that we get. so this lady comes in yo the store, well she was dressed like a lady but you could tell it was a guy in drag. now we don't get many people like that but i have had a few run ins so i'm not really surprised or even care. so she comes up to the counter and asks for some power steering fluid. i go and grab it for her and ring it up. she then asks me if i could help put the fluid in for her and i said sure why not. so we go to the car and while i'm opening up the hood we make small talk. right when i finish she takes out a $20 bill and tries to give it to me. i tell her i can't accept tips but if she did that customer survey it would help me out more. she agrees and then asks why i treated her normal. i get what she meant and i just tell her " honestly i don't care how you look ma'am, we all deserve to be treated the same no matter how you look." she thanked me and gave me a hug which felt weird cause i don't usually get hugs from strangers and then she just puts the $20 in my shirt pocket and leaves. it made me feel happy knowing that i made her day by just being casual. my coworker then asked me if that was a dude and i just responded with it doesn't matter, all customers look the same to me and smiled. and with that, i felt good and made today a good day until 30 seconds later i get another idiot trying to buy washer fluid to put in his radiator.i came into work particularly grumpy today, so on my lunch break i decided to overdose on caffeine. i worked drive thru on the dinner rush, and i was all smiles and bouncing off the walls with positivity, really trying to give it my best. then i took an order from a clearly passive - aggressive old lady. i tried to kill her with kindness, all the while i anticipated she would complain about something. was she going to complain about the price? was she going to say her food was too cold? was she going to complain about the wait time? i kept trying to guess what she would try to pull, but she didn't say anything, she just had this hard frown on her face and spoke with a fearsome growl. i got through the whole transaction without issue, and i was convinced i had avoided a complaint... but at the very end before she drove away, she shoots me this death glare, and says: &gt; "you really need to calm down, young man. nobody should be that happy while there is so much suffering in the world." of all the things i was anticipating she would say, that was not one of them. so i just kind of had this blank stare on my face as she drove away. of course, a minute later i figured i could have replied with "smiles are part of the uniform, ma'am. have a nice day." but it was too late. so i guess she won that round. edit: thank you for the gold! you have brought me a smile. :) [](/lyranotsure)i'm not a huge fan of coupons in general. there is usually some problem with them like they are either expired, they don't scan, or some issue in the fine print that will either make the customer go into a yelling fit or make the line pile up (which is a pet peeve of mine). if you want to use one or two coupons, i am fine with that. i completely understand wanting to save some money. but there is a trend that pisses me off to no end. "couponers". a lady came in a while back, with a large amount of deodorant in her basket. after i finished ringing her up, she said, "oh and i have a few coupons..." she then pulled a massive wad of coupons out of her purse. none of them having scannable bar codes, meaning that they would all have to be keyed in manually. i called up a second cashier and began to read the fine print as i am supposed to. she notices i am reading them and says "yeah. those should pay for the entire transaction." "i'm sorry, it says limit one coupon per customer and that they aren't to be used with any other coupons." i reply. "no. i did the math. i have enough here to cover the entire transaction. in fact, you guys should technically be giving *me* cash back." she says with a chuckle. at this point the line was piling up again on my register, so i called up a third cashier and the manager. the manager comes up and asks how he can help. she says "yeah this guy won't let me use my coupons." i point out to him that it clearly states that the coupons can't be used like this. the manager ignores me and lets her have the fifteen or so deodorants for free. before she left you could just feel the smugness radiating off of her. she says "you should be expecting more of us. we couponers are starting to get pretty big around here. next time just scan the damn coupons" she then struts out the door with a smile. the manager was fired soon after. this happened back several months ago, in the beginning months of the year. we were having our morning huddle, when a customer walked in. one of our managers saw him, greeted him and this follows: &gt;c: i didn't realize i was late for the meeting! &gt;m: *joking* what, no coffee and doughnuts?! &gt;c: i didn't realize it was my day to bring them! &gt;m: that's okay, we'll forgive you this time. so a day or two later, he comes back in to our morning huddle, bringing a couple boxes of doughnuts, and like, a gallon of coffee, from a local coffee shop! i know we bitch and complain about customers, but this was the one instance that a customer was really awesome, and made all of our days.so, way back in college, i worked a summer job flying a register for a grocery store. this chain had a policy with your loyalty card; if there was an x-number on the back, you could cash checks at our stores and cashiers could use that number as an id on checks for buying groceries. if it had a y-number, then it was just a card that someone had and had almost no information on file. it's my last shift before i go back to school. i'm standing at this register, counting down the last half hour when this woman rolls up with a big cart full of stuff. i get started, beep beep beep, and give her the total. she hands me a check with a y-number written on it. i ask to see her card, thinking maybe she's just written it wrong. nope, it's a y-number. me: ma'am, do you have your drivers' license with you? her: no, i don't have it. me: okay, well, i can't take this check. her: it's got a y-number on it. me: i know, i can't take the check if it has a y-number, only if it has an x-number. her: every other cashier always has. me: they shouldn't have. i'd lose my job if i took this. (that was my go-to answer to someone trying to pull this crap on me.) her: (starts screaming) then you can go put all this back yourself or you can take my damn check. now, i'm twenty minutes from being done here. the managers love me, they think i'm funny, they're actually not happy i'm leaving. so, i figure, well, let's just have some fun with this. so, i whip off my vest, throw it on the floor and scream back. me: don't talk to me like that, i quit! i storm off to the office, take a seat and one of the managers looks at me, confused. i ask him to go out and talk to the woman at register 2, who's still standing there with her mouth hanging open. he came back a few minutes later smiling. me: how'd that go? manager: well, i told her you were right, and that she had just cost my best cashier. in high school i was a cashier at a grocery store. because you're here, you know that just because someone is working as a cashier in a grocery store, that they may be capable of higher-order thought. it's too bad the customers don't know this. so i had an older lady come through my line. i was polite, asked her how she was doing, etc. i am scanning her order and she has two packs of ziploc bags. they both ring up, and she grabs one of the boxes from the belt after i'd scanned it, thrusts it in my face, and uses one of her knobbly fingers to aggressively point at the print on the box which reads "buy one get one free." she yells at me, in the most derogatory way, "can't you read?" of course i can read. have you noticed that the checkout terminal is full of text? anyway. i take the box from her, knowing that when something is printed on the box like that it's a manufacturer deal, not a store deal, so i'm not at all surprised that it did not ring up. i read the text around the "buy one get one free" logo, and point to the important part, and say "ma'am, this is a manufacturer rebate. you need to mail in both bar codes." she meekly apologized and then was quiet for the rest of the order, while i basked in the glory of showing her what a complete asshat she was.how do you know when someone frequents a porno palace too much? when the police show up at the smut hut with a warrant on the person trying to locate him. you could try going to family. you could try going to friends. naw, you just go down to the local dildo ranch because the guy is known to be there all the time. sadly (luckily?) he wasn't at the whack shack when they came that time. i have not seen him in a bit, so i’m guessing they managed to track him down.so this was back something like 9 or 10 years ago. i was working at huge electronics/computer store and one of the aisles i had to oversee was the toy aisle. oh and i should mention that it's christmas season. i'm walking down the aisle to tidy it up and reorganize some of the stuff. i see this lady in the aisle. i walk straight up to her and ask her if i can help her find something. i'll summarize the exchange. i ask her if she needs help. she says that she does. i ask her what she's looking for she tells me it's a remote control ufo that asks kids math questions and when he kids shout back the correct answer it does a small laser light show. sounds cool right? i ask her if she knows what it's called or who makes it because at this point i'm actually psyched about how cool the you sounds. she tells me that she's never actually seen it she just knows my store has a reputation for having a lot of cool stuff and if anyone had it we would. seriously, lady?!? let me repeat. it's an rc ufo that kids yell math answers at to be rewarded with a laser light show. that's kind of a specific request for a toy that you have no evidence of existing. you, an overworked and underpaid retail worker. me, just another customer scrambling to purchase christmas gifts with the tip money i had earned. the line was long, you were tired. customer after customer either not acknowledging your presence, or berating you for things you cannot control. i have been there. you see, you and i are not that different. a waitress and a retail worker are one in the same. i got to your register and said hello. you asked how i was, and i actually responded. and we had a light conversation about the holiday rush and how i hoped you would make it through. you chuckled and said you sure hope so, too. i could see a little relief in your eyes - a customer remembering that you are human. and then i saw what you did. you slipped up a paper from beside your register, and you scanned it. and my subtotal decreased. not just a little, either. a little over $20. you didn't say a word, nor did i, but we both smiled. thank you. come to my world and have a beer or two and dessert on me. edit: wow i was not expecting this kind of response! thanks y'all! and i think i'll go back after the holidays to give him a gift card for my restaurant :) so the store i work at closes at 9. starting around 8:50 we go up to customers that are shopping and offer them assistance after telling them we close in 10 minutes. and starting at 9, we do overhead announcements that we're closed. anyway it gets to be 9:15 and this woman and her daughter are still walking around. i go up to them and, politely as possible, tell them we're closed. the mom turns to me and starts talking in spanish about how she doesn't understand me. now i had just heard her talking in english to her daughter, who was conveniently pretending not to listen. i then put on my trusty retail smile and said "estamos cerrados". the look on her and her daughter's face was amazing :) she grumbled on her way to the register and grumbled on the way out. what did she think was gonna happen? that we'd let her stay past closing just because she doesn't know english? seriously? also, this store is in texas. it would take me all of two seconds to find an employee that can speak spanish. also did i actually say "we're closed" correctly? google says i'm right but it's not the best at translating. i wanna know if my high-school level spanish is as good as i now think it is. so i work at a pretty big grocery store in downtown toronto, and i was on my lunch break today and i walked past one of the aisles and there was a little girl, probably about 3 or 4 years old, sitting on the ground all by herself crying, so i went up to her and said "hey are you alright?" and she didn't answer me so i said "do you know where your mom and dad are?" and she gave me a muffled "no" so i said "do you want me to sit with you for a while until they come back?" and she was like "uh huh" so i sat down on the ground next to her and i had a couple of paid stickers in my pocket that we put on items that are too big for a bag, and i said "can i give you this super special sticker? it's actually magic because when you put it on your parents will know exactly where to find you," and i put it on her hand, and she stopped crying and just stared at the sticker for a while and then i asked her who her favorite princess was and we started talking about beauty and the beast and then a few minutes later her mom comes running down the aisle screaming "kelsey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and the mom turns to me and shakes my hand and starts thanking me almost in tears and it made me feel so good to know that i made that little girl feel a little bit better because i think we all know how scary it was to be lost in a big store like that when you are so young. tl;dr i'm gonna be a really fuckin good dad when i grow upso a few years go, i used to work for a convenience shop in the uk, (it's one of the very large ones). it was about 10pm, (we shut at 10.30pm), when a few customers came in. one of them was a woman who looked a little strange, (the usual crazy eyes, odd clothing, strange smell). when she had finished shopping and got to my till, she quietly asked under her breath, &gt;can you help me take my shopping to my car, i think there's somebody following me around the shop now we have no obligation to help customers with their shopping once we've taken their money, (but i occasionally helped nice old people), but this woman seemed very agitated and scared. i'd not seen anyone following her, and i thought she was delusional, but i thought that if it calmed her down by helping her with her shopping, i might as well do it. the next 20 minutes passed without incident and i cashed up my till. after cashing up, i remembered what the woman had said, so i decided to check the cctv from when she was in the shop. lo and behold, there was a man following her around the shop. he stayed at quite a distance from her, pretending to look at items on the shelf and putting items in a basket, but always keeping her within his eye line. whenever she went around a corner, he'd move quickly around a parallel corner to continue to keep an eye on her from a distance. the real kicker was that when i helped her with her shopping, he placed his semi-full basket on the floor, followed us out of the shop, and got in a car in the car park and continued to follow her. (a scary thought is that i'd not even noticed him, he was following her that well). we called the police.i work as an assistant manager for a local business that has done pretty well throughout the years, we have a couple locations in town/surrounding areas. we do a lot of buy/sell/trade so we don't always attract the most pleasant customers. today, i was helping a older gentleman (in his 40s-50s) and during the entire time, he kept slipping in little remarks about my appearance, about how beautiful i was. i just kept ignoring him, or cutting him off with work related questions. finally, he's ready to check out. so i ring him up and i'm the process of handing his cash back when he comments to my coworker: "i don't know how you could get any work done with such a beautiful woman distracting you. if i were you, i'd have her in the back bent over...." i stopped him there. i told him he had found the line and crossed it, that he was being disrespectful and offensive. he told me "so? you're a woman and i'm a man, that's what we do." me: "regardless of how you feel, you don't need to vocalize it, its offensive and i have no interest in hearing it. please take your things and leave, you are no longer welcome at my store." he stormed off in a huff, oblivious to any wrong he had done.i was returning a bike (wrong size) and a couple other little things at the local ( edited to protect the something) last weekend. i walked up the the service desk and there was no line. so we started the returns from 2 different purchases. the first went through no problem but the second return for the bike they had to call someone up to make sure they could accept the return (large ticket item i guess) the whole time this is going on a small line forms. nothing too crazy but it happens. the person working the desk was very nice and helpful. so we are waiting on the manager to come approve the return when this crabby old bitch (cob) from the line hollers "girl you best get on the damn phone and get someone else to help us!" the girl behind the counter looks at me and says "see what i deal with every day?" and ignores the lady. i remember all of you fine folks and decided that i'm going to speak up because i know the employee can't. just not sure what to do yet... a few minutes goes by and the manager comes up and he asks why i'm returning the bike and i tell him and crack a joke, we both start to laugh and i hear cob say "white boy thinks he funny slowing down the line." i instantly make eye contact with her and she looks away... so the manager approves the return and we get everything sorted out. i tell the lady behind the counter thank you and i turn to leave but i stop and i raise my hands and in a nice projecting voice say "folks i know i held up the line and i want to apologize to all of you for the delay, except for you." i point my arm out and stare right at cob. the rest of the line looks at her too. i said " you need to be more patient and learn some manners." i turned around and walked away. he went fishing by himself and never came home. they found him the next day. cqlled it cold-shock drowning. he was a genuine person, brightened up a room just by being in it. he was always happy, and made the best of every situation. even working in a crappy fast food restaurant never brought him down. he would whistle while he worked, constantly. through rushes and slow periods, during the dirtiest hardest cleaning jobs, he never stopped whistling unless it was to smile. i don't know how to move on from here. there's a hole in my store. for 40 hours a week he was a joy to work with, and outside of work he was one of the few employees that i could call friend. i'm going to miss him so much. i don't know why i posted this here. i guess i just needed to get it out. i've never had anyone close to me die, i don't know how to cope. anyway, thanks for listening. edit: thank you all so much for your kind words. the funeral was today, so i missed my chance to say these things to his family in person, but i've decided to write a letter to tell them how much he meant to us at the store, and to me personally. i really can't thank you all enough for your kindness and advice. i know i'll be back here reading all of this when i feel like i can't take it anymore. you are all wonderful. i've worked at the same supermarket for about five years non-consecutively as a cashier and recently got promoted to an assistant front end manager. i am generally on a closing shift this story happaned around 10pm, around the time the weirdos start wandering in and hangout until we close. while i was walking the magazine racks to see if customers hid any returns in them, an older customer who was loading her cart whom i have never seen before, asks me "are you a (new) manager here?" this generally leads to a question. being the courteous person i am, say "not entirely new, but yes ma'm i am. how can i help you?", she smiles a smile and mutters under her breath "store's really going down hill." now i am a little bit taken aback but since i am quick of wit i respond " unfortunately so is our customer base." she wasn't very happy with my response. so back when i worked for a popular coffee shop, one of my supervisors told me a great story about a lady who clearly wasn't grounded very well in our modern reality. so this lady comes in with her child, orders a drink for herself and a hot chocolate for her child. the hot chocolate gets finished and put on the bar for the child, who comes up and accepts it and, being a little cutie, squeaks "thanks mister!" lady, standing behind her child clucks her tongue and says to her child "now now, we don't thank the help." my co-worker looks at the kid, says "you have a wonderful day sweety." then looks at her mother and says "i'm sorry maam, i'm going to have to ask you to leave the store now."hey tfr. i'm a lurker (past year+), no account 'til now as i hadn't any interesting stories to share. i'll be using this account just for this sub. i work at a chain grocery store. yesterday, thursday night, i was working a closing shift. it was 10:40, 10 minutes past close. our intercom had already blared 3 different messages in the past half hour announcing our close and everyone but one older man had left the store. this older man proceeded to take his time. i'm sure you know the story. he had *two* full carts of groceries. my manager said he'd take the man as i needed to clock out by 10:40, so i turned off my light and prepared to leave. older man comes up to my lane and shouts, "excuse me, just where do you think you're going?!" me: "oh, i'm heading out for the night sir. my manager can take you in the next lane over." man: "no, no, no, no. absolutely not. you don't clock out until i check out! now get over here you lazy little teenager and do your job!" i should mention i'm in my twenties. i look young, but not that young. grandpa was off his meds today. me: "sir, i am scheduled to leave at this time. though as i said, my manager is right here and will be more than happy to check you out." man: "that's ridiculous. do i get some kind of discount for the inconvenience? and don't forget my senior discount too!" manager: "sir, i'm right here, next lane over. you don't have to walk far." man: "no, you don't understand. i've been in this store for over an hour and now i'm being inconvenienced because you want me out of here. are you the supervisor?" manager: "yes, sir." man: "good. then you will give me my two discounts." manager: "i'm afraid not, sir. i can give your senior discount, but i cannot extend any other discounts or coupons today, unless you have defective items or there is a similar issue." man: "so if i break something, you'll give me a discount?" at this point, i observe my manager's face in some kind of mixture of shock and disgust. of course my manager replies no and that merchandise broken deliberately by the customer must be paid for in full. old senile man feigns dumbfoundedness. man: "alright, here's a piece of paper, boy. you're going to write down your name and this teenager's name so i can report you directly to corporate. first and last names." i didn't stick around to hear what my manager said next as i was now really past my leave time. today i heard my manager gave his name, but not mine (thank god). nothing came of it. old entitled people are the worst.okay, time for another story from the grocery store deli. while the store itself is open 24 hours, the deli and meat departments, which are right next to each other, close at 9pm. the meat department closes right at 9 and they are usually gone soon after. in the deli, we have a little more cleaning to do after we're technically closed, so we'll be around until close to 9:30pm. so the other day i get this lady that approaches me as i'm finishing up our closing tasks. she asks where something in the meat department is. since we're right next to each, i know my way around the department pretty well and know where stuff is. she was asking about something that was on sale that week. i took her to where it was and showed her. she says "no that's not what i'm looking for". english obviously wasn't her first language, so i thought maybe i misunderstood, so i asked her to repeat it. yep, we're standing directly in front of it. she then pulls out the weekly ad and points at what she wants. i point at the product right in front of us. her "no, this." (pointing again) i then pick up the product, and put it next to the ad, to show her this is what's in the ad. she says no again. then she gives up and walks away, mumbling something about how i need to learn to do my job. ugh, not even my department. my coworker had what i think was a stroke at work today; i was the only one who knew cpr because, despite my repeated urgings for my company to hold classes on it, it wasn't "cost effective". as you know, it's not really a living wage we earn, so nobody could afford to pay for the classes themselves. edit: i just want to thank all of you; things are in a better perspective for me today. went to work and spent time talking about my friend with coworkers and i feel more at peace. you're all right, even when we do everything we can sometimes it's just not going to be enough. thanks again for making me see that. update: my son just came in here to tell me about this... i want everyone to know how much their comments, comfort and caring have meant these two days. from all of your posts and advice, i was able to say the right things to my friend's widow when she came to see me at work today. i let her know that the last thing he heard before he completely lost consciousness was me telling him we loved him... that i was holding his hand and stroking his face and telling him it was going to be okay... that he squeezed my hand back before he slipped away. that was all because of the strength you all lent me to get through the day. thanks for being you... all of you. p. s. i'm a woman. and a mom... but today, firstly, i am a redditor. i work at a major national liquor store in the us. a customer comes up to me. c: do you have (whiskey brand) 18? me: sorry, no. it's very hard to come by. c: you never have it! why don't you just buy more of it so you can give your customers what they want?! me: unfortunately they can't keep up with demand. they didn't know it would be so popular when they started making it. c: why don't they just make more?! me: i assure you they are. c: well, how long does it take to make?! .... me: ...18 years... it didn't click. only anger was present on her face for a solid five seconds. finally, her eyes showed a slimmer of revelation. she leaned away from my counter, turned around, and left the store. or at least tried to. she proceeded to walk through our entrance only side that has 5 big signs saying "entrance only, no exit" the doors didn't open. she stopped just inches from the sliding doors in bewilderment. i couldn't hold it in anymore. i let a snorting exhale of brief laughter that could not have made that woman more red with anger and embarrassment.i was just a normal customer in this situation, but found it to be annoying none the less. today my fiance and i got breakfast and studied at a popular bread cafe in town. while we were in line waiting to order, there was an old lady in front of us demanding her money back because - *drumroll* - she thought it was too cold in the restaurant. she was holding an empty cup that was clearly meant for a frozen drink and berated the manager for the temperature claiming that she "couldn't even sit in there long enough to finish her drink" because of how chilly it was. a younger woman (either daughter or granddaughter i'm guessing) came up to her and told her "they were ready" and were going to the car, to which the woman responded, "wait a minute, i'm getting my money back for this drink!" clearly, she did finish her drink and had been there with her family for quite a while. not only did the manager refund her money, but he also turned the heat up in the restaurant. long after she was gone, it was still roasting inside. i couldn't help but laugh later when a customer sitting at a nearby table looked over to us and asked, "is it toasty in here to you?"this happened this morning. i'm the manager at a photo studio. customer- hi i'm not really happy with the photo i bought, can i exchange it for this one instead? ::takes minute to pull up the online system on her tablet:: me- i'm sorry ma'am, we can't exchange digital photos. once they leave the store you could have saved the image elsewhere, and there's no way to prove that it hasn't been. customer- what?! that ridiculous! i haven't saved it anywhere, this cd hasn't even left my purs! me- ......it's the background of your tablet. people are dumb.in my small store, mornings tend to be pretty slow. this day was like most others with just a coworker and i as well as an intermittent guest or two. during these times, i do silly things just to keep morale up and make things interesting. the phone rings and i go to pick up after a couple of rings but by the time i do, the person has hung up. i seize this as an opportunity to do a gag that i once saw in a looney tunes episode as a kid. me, speaking to no one on the other end: &gt; you don't say... you don't say... you don't say... you don't say... okay, have a good day. *hang up* then my coworker, with nothing else to do, asks me what happened to which i inevitably reply, "he didn't say," and get a deadpan expression from my coworker. then in the corner of the store, some lady begins cracking up - like, dying of laughter. i'm not sure if it was the joke or the reaction from my coworker, but it became one of those wheezing, running-out-of-air laughs. i go over to help her and make sure she's okay and i swear there are tears in her eyes. she manages to say "no, i'm fine. i'm so sorry," and leaves the store i guess in embarrassment while she's still laughing. i wonder how many people she has replayed that dumb gag to since then.a few years ago, i was working at an office supply store when an old lady comes in. she looks around a bit and then comes up to me and asks where we kept our calendars. i lead her to where we keep them and she starts looking through them. her: "wow, $4.00? i could go to dollar tree and get one for a dollar." me: "well you know you get what you pay for." her: "you're right. they probably have some titties on them or something. i was taken aback that something like that would come out of such a sweet old lady's mouth, but i just chuckled uncomfortably. so she picks out the calendar she wants and says: her: "where do you keep your pens? actually nevermind, i'll just go get those at the dollar tree. me: "careful, you might get some with some titties on them. she had a horrified look on her face and then responded: "i said kitties." much embarrassment and many apologies followed. tl;dr i sexually harassed an old lady.reading some of these reminded me of one of my 'favorite' customers from my past in retail. i'd been working there for well over a year by this point when this happened, a guy in a business suit was in my lane looking kind of impatient. when he got to me he was incredibly rude towards me even though i was just asking the basic things starting with this (rg for rude guy); &gt;me - hello, how are you today? &gt;rg - none of your business. that sent up the initial red flag as i figured, ok this guy isn't having too good a day. &gt;me - alright sir, would you like bags today? &gt;rg - no i'm going to carry these all? what do you think kid? another red flag, another smile just to not invoke anything from the dude. i didn't even bother mentioning my age cause i sure was not a kid. through the rest of his order he is continuing to be increasingly rude toward me, to the point i can see he's enjoying himself. finally i can't help it and i politely asked him to not speak that way to me since i was just doing my job in ringing him through. the response i got still makes me mad to this day; &gt;rg - and why should i be nice to you? you're the servant and i'm the customer. that makes me better than you, so i'm allowed to treat you like dirt. i stopped immediately and just stared at this guy like 'did you seriously just say that?'. he gave me a smug look... which quickly faded when i grabbed the phone and called my manager over. i told the manager i was refusing to serve the rude guy and why before i left my lane. the manager allowed me to and i'm pretty sure he gave the rude guy one hell of a lashing for it. never saw him back in the store after that, and did not care a single bit. tl;dr - guy thought treating cashiers like crap was his right just because we are his 'servants'.i make the rotisserie chickens at a major grocery store chain and today a woman came up to me and said "i bought one of these here yesterday and one of the wings was missing." which. fine. it's a mistake that happens sometimes. i was off yesterday so it wasn't my fault, but that's not the point. i'm about to apologize for that inconvenience, etc., but then she adds "don't you know how to do your job? why was the wing missing?" and it was a horrible rude tone so i said "we don't discriminate against the physically handicapped." she eventually complained and i was scolded. i hate this job howdy tfr, i work in a mobile phone shop in the uk and had a gem of a customer so thought i would share. i was running through the computer part of a gentleman's phone contract when i noticed the pricing of his phone was incorrect. turns out i had selected the wrong tariff for him and had charged him an extra £5 pm. no bother i thought, i shall go back and fix it. wrong no can do im afraid so i call the manager over for help. "are you stupid, pick the right one in future, inconvenience this man and myself" so hero gentleman pipes up. "think you need to calm down pal. was a simple mistake that will take what 5-10 minutes to fix ? yeh, thought so, so please allow mipn to fix his mistake and show some humility." yes thank you random sir, you are the man. faith in customers restored :) sorry for formatting on mobile :)heya guys! short story about when i first started. i had a trainee name tag for about 4 months. i was the only trainee to have said name tag, even though there were those hired at the same time and after me. they got normal names. i got, "trainee". so i'd often get people talking condescendingly to me and telling me" you'll get it right eventually". gee, thanks, but i've been here for months now... a couple people would always stop, stare, and ask if "trainee" was really my name. and every time, i'd answer, "this is an honored family name passed down through generations. my name is trainee, is there anything else i can get for you?" then they'd look at me for a bit, get it, then laugh. then i'd tell them, "nah, mate, i'm firelight2". i got a lot of compliments for being witty.....we are having a bbq outside for july 4. a simple tent and grill to give our customers free food for the holiday. the event was to go from 11-1. here is the encounter i just had this morning: cl= crazy lady. me= me obviously cl: my husband told me you guys had free hot dogs today but i don't see any. me: yes ma'am. but we are not ready yet im waiting for the manager to bring the stuff to me he is buying them now. it's 10:45 he should be here soon. cl: this is ridiculous. i am gonna call corporate and let them know about this. me: ... cl: so what can you do for me? me: uh nothing since i don't have any free food available. at this point the manager pulls up with the hot dogs and sandwiches (that were for the associates in the break room) and leaves them at my table to park. the lady than demanded i give her a sandwich or she would call corporate still. cl: you need to give me one of those sandwiches or i am calling corporate. this is ridiculous. me: sorry ma'am. you are free to call corporate and let them know you are unhappy with our complimentary free service. but you cant have these sandwiches they aren't for you. at this point she started playing the race card on me at which point i told her to just leave. happy fourth everyone.i work at a gas station, and because it's family owned and i'm the son of the owner, i get to have a lot of leeway with giving customers discounts, and i like to help people out a bit, and i use that leeway a lot anyway, a woman comes in today and buys 2 packs of cigarettes, a king size candy bar, a 20 ounce coke so i give her the three pack deal price on the cigarettes and instead of the candy and drink being 1.69 each i just give it to her for $3 even, making the total $16 even well when i tell her the total, she says "that's not right, that's way too much!", so i tell her how i did it, i tell her i charged $6.50 for each pack of cigarettes, and $1.50 each for the pop and candy. she, however, is still adamantly refusing to believe that that is the correct price. she asks to see my manager. well, i pretty much am the manager, and i don't feel like dealing with this. so instead, i tell her "you know what? you're right- i charged you the wrong price." so i recalculate the total to $17.18 and i tell her i had given her a discount originally. she realized her mistake and asked for the lower price. i told her if she doesn't like this price, then she'll have to go somewhere else (even with the non-discounted price we're still cheaper than the gas stations around us). she sulked and paid for her stuff without saying a word that's a victory in my booksso this story happened the other day but i was actually a customer in this situation. i'm on mobile so sorry for formatting. anyway my boyfriend and i were checking out with a younger cashier about my age and we were joking around as she rang up my items. suddenly a middle aged woman stomps up. lady: excuse me, every time i come here i get a cart and leave it aside while i go to the bathroom and every time i come out it's gone! cashier: sorry, someone probably saw it and put it away because people leave their carts around all the time. lady: well you should go get it for me. the cashier is halfway through my transaction and looks perplexed. i became very bothered as this lady is now interrupting my transaction for this. the cashier looks pleadingly over at the closest bagger, an elderly woman. cashier: could you please get this lady a cart? the old woman shuffles off. mind you the carts are like not fifteen feet away to the right. anyway it takes ten seconds for the bagger to retrieve the cart. meanwhile the bitchy lady is tapping her foot looking smug. boyfriend and i begin rolling our eyes and telling the cashier we are sorry. when she gets her cart the lady then leaves us, going in the very direction the carts are. the lady literally passes the carts by. the three of us exclaim "she was going that way anyway"! she just wanted an excuse to bitch and order people around. i mean if it's a problem why does she have to get a cart before going to the bathroom? can't she wait until she's done before getting one? can't she go pee before she goes shopping? no, because that implies she is a thinking and rational creature. it's annoying when carts pile up because people dump them. she just complained that the employees were doing their jobs well. i had to stop my boyfriend from angrily approaching her because i didn't want it to escalate but we made sure to make fun of her loud enough for her to hear. i've had a rough week, and yesterday at work something happened that cheered me up immensely. i work at a teen resale shop. a woman came in to shop while her husband obediently followed her, carried her clothes and what not. eventually she comes to check out, and she realized she forgot her purse. so, being a good husband, he goes out to the car to get it. on his way back in, he sees myself, my co-worker and his wife all waiting for him at the counter. he stops- smiles- and then throws the bag over his shoulder like a runway model. as he catwalked back to the counter, swinging his hips side to side and putting a little strut in his step, he said in his sassiest voice- "oh sorry, i just forgot my purse!" might not be as funny on print, but we were in a fit of giggles when he walked out the door with his now-embarrassed wife. he was still carrying her bags- and still catwalking.alrighty, this is the first time posting but i've read all of yall’s crazy stories over the years. as this was happening, i knew i had to post it here here goes: i was working as a cashier in the front end of a very popular blue-vested retail/grocery store. anyways a customer comes up and asks me if we do cash back. i said of course, if you swipe your card as a debit card, you can get up to $100 back. she buys a random pack of gum and gets the full $100 back. it was a busy sunday morning and for some reason my register was out of 20 dollar bills. whatever, i had plenty of 100's. she could bring it to customer service for them to cash it if she wanted smaller bills. so i hand her a 100 and shut my drawer, without even thinking twice. i wasn't expecting her to hand it back? crazy lady: "uhh ma'am, i don't want this 100 dollar bill" me: "you asked for cash back on your card...? that’s the amount you requested" crazy lady: "yes, but this one is dirty, get me a different one" me: "that's not how this works ma'am, i can't open my register because your 100 bill is.....dirty....?" finally after arguing with her for a good 5 minutes and people lining up behind her she went to customer service and they gave her 20's. you should have seen the look on the faces of the customers behind her who watched the whole ordeal go down. they were just as flabbergasted as i was. i no longer work in retail but whenever we get closer to the holidays i always think of this experience. i used to work a a big box electronics store and every year like clockwork someone comes in a hour before the store closes on christmas eve asking for a new ds or ps4 or whatever. clearly the store is picked dry and i get to help this dumass waiting until the last moment. when i tell them we are sold out the next words out of their mouth always astound me... "you just ruined my kids christmas!" now by this time i am tired of christmas and all the people that really do not make it the most wonderful time of the year. thankfully our managers turned the other way in these scenarios and allow us to respond. "excuse me?! i didn't ruin anything! you did by waiting until the last moment. now is there anything else i can get you today?" by that time they ask for a manager and they ask the same question and annoyed and upset that we can't make one appear out of thin air they storm out to try and terrorize another innocent worker. edit: my highest rated post on reddit ever and i have a spelking error in the title :p. &gt;.&gt;so yesterday was the first real summer day in my part of the world. it's boiling hot, glorious sunshine, all we're selling is barbecues and burgers. we all know those days where all you hear is "oh it's lovely out, sucks to be you!" yeah, don't i bloody know it. enter charming black man (british-african-caribbean for the pc among you) note: i'm a pasty white girl "hey girl, are you having a good day?" "not with that weather out there, sir." -*cheeky grin*- "damn right, you should be out in that sun -*leans over*- i was the same colour as you this morning!" ladies and gentlemen, *that* is how you make someone's day.years ago, as a young assistant manager of a video rental store, we only had a handful of customers one night that were browsing around the store and these three kids, maybe ~16 years old, come in. one of them has their large pet snake around his neck. i genuinely didn't care, and it wasn't as if we have an official "no animals" policy. i notice some of the customers were a bit on edge when he walked by them, so i decide to talk with him. &gt;me: sir, could you please take your pet outside? &gt;kid: why? &gt;me: we don't allow animals in the store, and that some of the customers were becoming uncomfortable. &gt;kid: well, what if i was blind and had a seeing eye dog? &gt;me: sir, we don't get a lot of blind people coming into a video rental store. even his friends could be heard giggling at it. i felt so good, even though it was only some punk kid i had embarrassed.i work at a small bakery. we make fresh doughnuts every day, and also serve coffee, milk, etc. most customers get the exact same thing every day, and we know most orders by face. (we work in a small community). there's this one lady i can't stand, and one day she pushed me over the edge. i'm a manager now, but when i was working the front counter, one busy friday morning, she showed up. i could see her desperately trying to look at the doughnut and pastry case along with what we had brewing for coffee. i was waiting on someone when she says from behind them, "you need to hurry up because i'm going to be late for work." well you know what lady? maybe if you had planned your morning better you wouldn't be in this predicament in the first place. seesh. i took my sweet time making that coffee. edit: thanks for my very first gold! this actually happened over the course of two weeks, but anyway.... the shop i work in has, among other things, a selection of furniture. now we don't have a huge amount of space so we often have to order things, and especially for the largest items. it also means that customers can have things home-delivered (if they buy in store, we have no delivery service so they have to transport items themselves). two weeks or so ago an elderly lady came in and asked about furniture. we didn't have the item in stock so i suggested that she could place an order online. i asked her if she'd like it if we did via the stores order system or whether she'd like to set up an online account. it went something like this: &gt;**me**: ok, we can do this two ways. i can put the order through our internal system, or you can create your own account here now so you can order things at home yourself. &gt;**computer lady**: oh, i'm a bit unsure about computers.... &gt;**me**: don't worry, it's very easy to do. in fact, we can both sit at the computer and i'll guide you through the whole thing. i'm really good with computers myself, so i can assure you that nothing will go wrong! plus if you can do this, you can do any shopping online, they're all pretty similar. she seemed happy with this so off we went to the back room where the customer computer was. now what i did in this case was rather than doing all the inputting myself, i got this lady to do it herself, with me explaining everything to her in a sort of eli5 way. it took a few minutes to create an account and then i showed her how to place and pay for an order, before printing the confirmation and writing it in the order book. she then went off pleased with everything. skip forward to today and said lady came in again, doing more shopping. she came to my till and obviously recognised me, and said: &gt;lady: oh, you showed me about shopping online. you know, after you'd explained it to me like you did, i went home and gave it a shot, and you were right, it was easy! my granddaughter thinks i'm great because i bought her birthday present online and i even managed to work out how to send it straight to her house. so yes, i introduced an elderly customer to online shopping and made her day. **hijabedit: thank you for the gold!**hello, tfr! my coworker was telling us a story about a table she waited on last night that i thought you might appreciate the story too. everything was going fine until she brought out the food. then, as she was walking away from the table, one man spilled his drink onto his pizza. she got everything cleaned up, got him a new drink, and had the kitchen make him a new pizza. everything is good, right? oh, we know better than that. they finished their food, and she took them their checks. well, this man was furious when he looked at his. his pizza was on his ticket! no, not the second remake. we don't charge for that. we are nice like that. he thought that his food should be free. the food he spilled the drink on. some people.i've been at this large 24/7 retail store for a couple years. i was for almost a year a department manager, but, i stepped down because of school and i simply didn't enjoy the pressure i was under for a dollar raise. i tolld management my schedule, they told me it would be "ok". so, when i see my schedule says i'm scheduled to work during my school hours i get mad. i go to my manager and tell him "man, you forgot to update my schedule or something". no bigge he says, he just forgot and he promises he'll change it asap. you can see where this is going? he doesn't change it, and i'm still scheduled for working during school hours. i'm furious now, and go to our store manager, "big boss'. i hate dealing with the big boss, i really do. he's not friendly and he's basically a corporate mouthpiece, and a typical rich conservative. i tell him the problem, and he says "sorry jasin, but we're not going to work around your schedule. we need you for those shifts". no problem, i tell him i'll just call out and keep doing it till they change my schedule. "then we'll just have to terminate you out of the system", yep, i take off my badge and say "i'll save you the effort of firing me i quit". i walk out and as i'm heading towards the front i hear him page me to the ad-office. i head back there, i have no idea what he wants, and i don't care. i walk in and big boss is at the door, "jasin, please reconsider. we'll work around your schedule, just please don't quit. we seriously need you, we're too badly understaffed. theres nobody else in your department. i'll change your schedule now, sir". jackpot. i called their bluff and now i have them begging me to come back. as far as i know for the rest of the month my schedule is fixed. they've reduced my hours like i asked and gave me the morning shifts again. management has also been extra friendly to me lately. feels good man. as i've posted before i work at a board game store in a mall. we have a metal stand that goes in the hallway that holds our adverts (which are kind of flimsy). the metal stand doesn't sit evenly on the floor meaning it rattles when you bump it. this teenage girl was standing on it and rocking it back and forth. meaning it was making a loud noise, she was also damaging the actual sign as well as the metal stand. so i walked over and asked her to please stop. i was going to ignore the damage since the thing was kind of rickety in the first place. her mother went off on me and told me that she was the mom and i wasnt and to stop trying to control her daughter. so i asked her if she wanted to pay for a replacement, about $100 for the actual stand and $30 for the board, as both were now beaten pretty badly. she asked to see the manager, she was pretty upset when i told her i am the manager. i didn't actually make her pay for it, i just wanted her to stop bitching at me. i'm a mess this morning. last night as i was calling my cat, clyde, in for dinner, he was hit by a car. he wasn't supposed to be outside. but he got out and as i was calling him, a car went by. i heard the *thump*, and my baby went flying right up to the house and collapsed. he died in my arms moments later. so. yeah. i had him for ten years. i grew up with him. he was my baby. i have never felt so hopeless and hurt as i did last night. i'm still a huge mess. god. i can't believe he's gone. onto the story or rant or whatever. i'm much slower than usual this morning and i just feel weak. i was behind and didn't quite have donuts ready when my assistant manager asks me what's wrong. i told her and just broke down, and at the same time this rude bitch of a lady walks up to the counter and just about yells, "uhm. hello. where are the donuts." i asked am to help her and escaped to the back to contain myself. am was talking to the lady, trying to help her. lady says, "what's her problem? i need donuts!" i didn't hear am's response, but the next thing the lady says is "well, it's just a stupid animal! she shouldn't be so upset!" then just starts demanding donuts again. god. just fuck off. i know some people don't see their pets as family, but a bit of empathy goes a long fucking way. i just lost a huge part of my life, my *baby*. i'm just so upset right now. edit: thank you all so much for your kind words and internet hugs. i'm reading each and every comment.i left my scan-gun on my buggy while i got a bike down, and when i turned around it was gone. i look everywhere, and no go. either a manager or associate stole it (we have a limited amount, and someone will always take it) so i'm a bit miffed. suddenly i see a lady in bright red walking over to the hardware department with my scan-gun in her hand. i confront her and she has a fit about how theres nothing that says "associate use" on there, and how theres no price checkers in this store. i explain to her how it's associate use only and we have price checkers in 3 different departments, or she can ask an associate to scan the price for her behind a register. no good, she starts flipping out claiming it's fair use because it was on a cart and nobody was using it, therefore it should be hers. again i tell her the options she has for price checking, and she doesn't want to hear it. i'm, about to get a manager over here because she won't let up. another lady approaches, a young girl i'd say 10-11. she calls the lady mom, and begs her to go because she's "tired and doesn't feel good". the lady calms down but, swears she'll never shop at this rotten store again. the little girl silently words "sorry" as they're leaving. sometimes i wonder... during my time in the retail industry i was hired for night shift but training took place in the morning shift. this story took place during my training. they have a training system that goes like this: 1 day orientation, 1.5 days book training, 1 day computer training, 1 day on the day shift floor to wait for authentication of online testing. now, they are slow with their implementation of testing, because as it were there was a delay between the modules being ready for the individual employees and the book training to be complete. so training took 6 days. well, on my last day of training, i came into the training center and the coordinator for training and employees was dealing with this guy that had a thick trinidadian accent. he couldn't read or write in english, she asked me to help him with filing out his job application on the job center machine. i happily obliged and took him to one and began testing. i put in his name for him, i read him the questions, i chose the corresponding answer for him and this took about 2 hours because of a mixture of him not understanding the questions and taking a while to answer them. but, he also kept saying he was a good worker and that he likes working because it keeps him busy. i liked him; he always smiled and was very friendly. after his application was complete, i said goodbye to him and wished him good luck. well, fast forward 2 months later, i was walking back to the break room and i saw a man folding clothes in the clothing section that looked like the man i had helped apply for a job just months prior. he looked up and saw me, with a smile already on his face, and he got really happy, ran up to me, and hugged me. he thanked me over and over again and told me he loved working there and that he was so grateful. i was really happy for him, seeing him make part-time made it even better.okay, so a friend of mine suggested i share this story and i think it's probably the best i have after working in retail for 10 years. a few years ago, i worked in a mall for a well known novelty store that also sold "adult" type merchandise. one day i was alone on the floor as my manager was in the backroom getting ready to leave. this somewhat normal looking guy walks in, i greet and him he pretty much ignored me(as per usual) and he continued to browse. he eventually came up to the register, put some stuff onto the counter and i smiled and began to ring up his purchase. i asked him if that was all he needed for today, and he gave me this strange look and proceeded to point out that our store has too much profanity. at this time i finally realized that all of the merch he had collected had at least some form of "fuck" on it. thinking he was just the typical shocked old man who had never been in this store before, i apologized and really didn't expect what happened next. crazy guy: "this is against the law! you can't sell these things! kids can see it!" me: "sir, there are warnings on the entrance of our store and we are allowed to sell these products, or else the mall would not let us be here." cg: "i'm calling the police!" yes, he pulled out his cell phone and called the state troopers right there in front of me. now, my manager had just emerged from the back, and had caught some of the conversation. as the guy was "reporting" us to the police, my manager went out into the mall and grabbed a security guard. meanwhile i'm standing there, completely shocked and amused wondering what this guy is going to do when the cops tell him they can't shut us down. cg:(still on the phone with the cops) "they said i can politely ask you to stop selling these products." by now, mall security arrived and escorted him out of the store. he, the guard, and my manager stood just outside the front window as the guard tried to explain to this man that he cannot do anything and if he insisted to harass us he would be kicked out. the man begrudgingly agreed but stood on the opposite side of the hall, glaring at our store for a good 10 minutes before finally leaving. oh, it doesn't end there. the next morning i had the opening shift, and guess who showed up? i immediately recongnized him, and decided against confronting him unless he got hostile. i watched him approach a bunch of tshirts, grab them, and promptly turn them over. he left soon after, but i still called security just in case. just as the guard arrived, the guy came back with the mall manager. i had to honestly hold back my laughter as this guy pleaded his case to the mall manager. props to the mall manager who listened patiently and then told the guy the same thing, along with "if you do not like the products they sell, then do not come in here." after that, i never saw him again.hey guys, first post ever on reddit! whoop whoop. longtime lurker though. i have worked at a grocery chain for a while now and we have cycled through many managers, though our current manager is a little insane ( she once smiled and me and a customer and then we walked into the back and she started screaming and throwing bottles of alcohol all over the stocking area "because it was unorganized", i have a book i'll put up here one day on her" anywho, i am one of the few people in our store who has experience working in the fuel center. its a 5x8 box you stand in hating your life. it has no restroom (this is important). i'm doing uscan and bouncing to a cash register and trying to keep people from all going to one line etc... i get a call on my little wireless phone from the fuel center that the new girl had the screen freeze up on her. this happens often since the computer out there is about 6,7546,547 years old. so i go out and fix it, but notice her acting a little funny, kinda faint and sluggish. so i ask her if shes fine and shes like " i got here at 2:00 and i haven't had a break to eat or go to the bathroom" i gave her this look of wtf, apparently, no one notified us that the front end needed to do her break today ( usually they work it out that people come early or stay late so the person out there gets their breaks) and it was 8:30pm i phoned in to the front and said i was giving her her lunch and they'll have to handle the front until after that. i don't know how a high school aged pregnant girl survived out there for 6 hours without a stop. i made a new sheet that i schedule their breaks with ours to ensure they all get their breaks now, seriously, these people that forget about us peons....so this story takes place when i worked in the garden center of a large grocery store. we were able to process all transactions through our register, so many people would come to check out here as the line tended to be shorter. this was all fine and well except for one thing, when people brought items with electronic security tags we were unable to deactivate them as our portable scanner had been left in the rain and ruined. this meant that any time an item with one such tag was purchased the security gate would go off and we would simply wave the person through as we had just checked them out. on a day in which the alarm had gone off several times, i decided to discuss it with my manager. &gt;me: so is there any way we can get a new security tag scanner? i'm tired of hearing the alarm all day. &gt;manager: we've decided it isn't cost effective to replace it since you people keep leaving it in the rain. you deserve to have to listen to this all day, and when we finally get a new one maybe you won't take it for granted. this set me off a bit as i had not even been employed when the the original scanner was damaged. i went to a party with my friends that night and began to vent about how dumb my boss was. i told everyone how we were going to end up losing more money from theft because it was so easy to steal from us. all someone would have to do is actually purchase one item with a security tag and stuff their purse/bag with other items. when the alarm went off the cashier would assume it was due to the purchased item and wave them through. after two days off i walk back into work and see we have a brand new security tag scanner sitting on the counter. &gt;me: so you decided to get us a new scanner after all? &gt;manager: yeah, we had hundred of dollars worth of stuff stolen this weekend from electronics. lp thinks they were simply buying an item or two through here and stuffing their bags since we have been waving people through the alarms. &gt;me: oh...you don't say... oops. yo! retail guy for 10 months here. i work at a chain grocery store with a huge focus on customer satisfaction and surveys. i was a cashier for 8 months, grew insane from it, and regained my sanity by moving to produce. regained it until last night. a little preface: about a week ago, i bought a nice blue birdbath from my store during my lunch to give to my mom for mother's day. since i still live with her i didn't want her to see it. so i asked my sm if i could hide it in her office and pick it up later. she thought it was a nice gift and said ok. so i tapped a receipt to it, with my name written on it, and stuffed it there. fast forward to last night. it's the end of my shift and i decide to take the birdbath to my car to bring home. as i load the thing up in a cart and haul it towards the doors, a customer comes up to me and asks how much it was. i tell them, and they ask if we had anymore left. i knew we didn't (i bought it early for a reason), told him so, and he insisted i check. i ask one of my nearby coworkers to look since i'm off the clock. in hindsight i should've left there, but i like helping customers so no biggie. coworker returns, surprise surprise none left. we apologize and he mumbles out an ok. as we are about to to leave, the customer asks if he can buy mine. i think he is joking, chuckle, tell him i already bought it awhile ago. apparently that wasn't the answer he wanted. instantly he starts yelling at me, saying that i'm just some highschool dropout slacker (lol what?) and that either i give him the birdbath or he will complain to the store manager for refusing to service him. at first i was confused and taken aback, but then i just looked at him. started laughing. i told him to go do that, pointed in a random direction and said she is over there. he turns around and stomps off. my coworker just looks at me, and says "you know she went home an hour ago right?" i reply with the best shitting eating grin "ayup. good luck with that fuckwit" we share a laugh and i leave. **edit**: ok just got off work a bit ago and was with friends. i talked to my coworker who said fifteen minutes after i left the guy just kinda stomped out of there. didn't see him today or anything. sorry to disappoint! i have another tfr to share if you'd like instead. this occurred at a store that involves colored shirts. i was working a summer job there, mostly hawking the in-store credit card but also doing cashier stuff when there was a crush. the instructions for the sale of alcohol were as follows * scan their id * enter their birth date into the field that pops up on the computer this was the extent of the instructions. an elderly lady comes in, clearly old enough to be my grandmother, and like an obedient minimum wage employee i ask for her id. she gets quite mad at me, demanding to know why i want to see her id, not accepting the reason i give and then repeating the demand. eventually i call for help from the "head cashier" who apologizes for my "being new" and finishes the transaction. then they tell me that you can press f11 to bypass the age verification screen if someone is clearly old enough that you don't need to check their id.it was a typical christmas eve in a liquor store. lines all the way to the back and rude people left and right. after being yelled at over the phone for not carrying canned yams (really? its a freaking liquor store.) and being yelled at in person because we ran out of premixed alcoholic eggnog, i had a man walk up and ask me if i could make change for a $100 bill. when i handed him the bills he handed me $50 said "merry christmas, you're almost done." and walked out. just the shock of someone giving such a large amount of money while being surrounded by the rudest people ive ever seen completely overwhelmed me. that stranger made my holiday. i can now afford to pick up something for myself so that i can enjoy my christmas alone instead of moping around. so whoever and wherever you are stranger, thank you. edit: thank you all so much. waking up to all of these comments was wonderful. merry christmas to you all. i hope every one of you have a great holiday! i just posted a couple days ago on here, but this happened yesterday and i felt like it needed to be shared. customer:c me:me coworker-cw a customer comes up to my register: c- "hi, this item has no tag on it." me- "no problem let me get a tag for you." (i call for a tag for the item over the intercom) (cw shows up at my register.) cw- "here's a $5.99 tag." c- "i'll do $3.00" cw- "this isn't a yardsale, we don't bargain here" my coworker walks away. the customer didn't buy the item. later that day i applauded her for best comeback ever.i work as a cashier in a high end grocery store. the other day an older european lady came through my lineup. i asked her how she was doing, if she needed bags, etc. of course she doesn't reply so i start scanning her stuff and place them in bags anyways. a package of radishes scan through and show up as $1.99. the conversation goes as follows: her: stop right there. why are they 1.99? me: that's the usual price. her: the fucking sign said 1.29. me: ok well i'll call someone. the produce manager comes over and tells her that they're 1.99. her: this is fucking absurd. i need to see the sign. you have to honour the price on the sign. i want them free this isn't fair. the manager takes her over to the radishes, and it turns out she was looking at the wrong fucking sign and the price was actually 1.99. she then comes back, pays for the rest of her stuff, throws the radishes at my face, and leaves. i later found out that she comes in about 3 times a week and argues with the employees to get free stuff. she's apparently made my co worker cry on 2 separate occasions. edit: holy shit this exploded. loving all of the vegetable puns! and for the people telling me if i should press charges, i'd prefer not to because she did not really cause any bodily harm, just made my retail experiences a wholeeeeeeeeee lot more interesting. needless to say though i will be speaking to my manager about banning her. i work in an adult shop in a predominantly gay area of my city. lots of stories that can be found [here]( short one from yesterday that literally had me laughing out loud. a bit of background required. our shop has some old signs at the bottom of the rather steep set of stairs that you need to climb to enter the shop. they are from a sale the boss had long before i started working in the shop just over a year ago. the signs are for dvd's that were on sale. no titles are given but the sign does give some cheap prices for dvd's purchased and indicates that multiple dvd purchases makes the prices cheaper still. to yesterday. i spot an old, wizened man coming up the stairs dragging one of those old, wheeled shopping carts you usually see little old ladies dragging around. he would have been in his late 70's or older. he leaves the cart at the first landing and continues up to the shop. looks around a little confused. him 'hmmm ... i saw your sign for dvd's and thought you might have "the sound of music" but now that i look around i think, just maybe, i might be in the wrong place.' me 'sir, i am sorry but you most definitely are in the wrong place.' him as he starts to smile looking around 'i bet you think this is funny don't you?' me 'yes sir i have to admit i think it is hilarious.' him as he starts laughing 'well i think it is pretty funny too.' i cracked up at that point as he, laughing away to himself, exited back down the stairs. i was helping a customer, when i saw a lady checking our chocolate display case. i have never seen her before. she never said hi or goodbye. she just opened the window, grabbed a piece of belgian chocolate, ate it and left the store. now, i always let customers try anything (the store is mine), even expensive chocolate like this. but i don't like it when they just help themselves without asking, especially when they open the cases and grab stuff with bare hands (i use gloves). i wanted to say something, but she left before i did. i'm glad i didn't. because later that day she came back and bought 240 euros worth of chocolate for the mayor's office! a mother just came into my (very small) retail store with her three preteen kids. normally this spells disaster. however, these kids each had a couple of $20's and thoughtfully looked through the items in the store before selecting something, bringing it up to the register, buying it with the money from their pockets, and being extremely polite. as they left the register, the mom told the kids, "make sure you save your receipts so we can budget tonight." one of the kids replied, "i always keep my receipts" in the most polite way possible. good on that mom for teaching her kids the value of money and financial planning. just wanted to share because unlike most of the dross that comes through, they made my day genuinely better!soooo, i work at a pet store. this happened maybe five minutes before i got to work last night. obviously, we sell lots of animals. including reptiles. and spiders. from what i heard, we had a woman come in yesterday that wanted to buy the one small tarantula we had. so the one person working that isn't afraid of spiders (come on, they're creepy) gets it all packaged up in an empty betta cup and hands it to her to go cash out. the reptile tanks are pretty much 30 steps from the registers? so the woman walks by the dog beds, then starts to walk out of the store. the cashier asked her what was going on with the spider, she decided she didn't want it, and walked out. cue my manager freaking out because she's terrified of spiders. they found the little guy, thankfully still in his betta cup, shoved between two dog beds. moral of the story? if you don't want an animal, tell someone? don't hide it in the store? i just don't even know anymore. edit: typo cause i suck. edit 2: we sold the spidey to one of my coworkers so he can live a happy life now. woohoooo!yesterday, i was running pos at my part-time retail job and right now, we have a $10 off a $30 or more purchase coupon floating around out there. now, our store is known for giving people just about any type of discount, but this coupon states "one coupon, per person, per day". should be pretty easy, right? ..... i was about an hour into my shift when a lady comes up with a buggy-full of merchandise, which i quickly scan and bag for her. i get to the end where i ask if she has any coupons and she hands me a stack of those $10 off $30 coupons. i'm thinking, "oh yeah, she thinks she's going to get her entire purchase for free..." &gt;me: i'm sorry, but i can only accept one of these coupons today as it is one per person, per day. &gt;lady: (clearly agitated) um, no. i spent a lot of time picking out things to buy and you can use these all at one time. &gt;me: again, i'm really sorry, but it is a one per day kind of coupon. i'm happy to take $10 off your purchase, but i can't take all of these. then i get this response: &gt;lady: but my daughter works here and she said i could do it. before anyone asks, i specifically didn't ask who her daughter was because i didn't want to get accused of trying to get her in trouble, but the story works out in the end - i promise. i went over the policy again, my manager close by but didn't intervene since she could see i was handling it alright. the lady seemed to accept the information after a few minutes (i also showed where it stated it on the coupon), she paid, said thank you and went about her merry way. couple hours later, i went on break and was sitting in the break room with another pos person (who was up with me when this situation happened) and a floor person. we were just chatting when the floor person said.... &gt;floor person: oh, let me tell y'all. my mom came in earlier and said she got this really rude, snappy, "b" of a cashier ringing her out. i knew this was me. lol. she kept giving the details, up to the coupons and i was positive it was me. &gt;me: oh, that was me. and i was very polite to your mother. i explained our policy to her and she walked out happy. (the other pos lady was nodding in agreement with me.) &gt;floor person: oh....(looking a little like a deer caught in headlights)...that was you? &gt;me: yeah, and she said her daughter told her that we could take as many coupons as the customer wanted. it doesn't work that way. i was put in a pretty odd situation because i needed to know who her daughter was, but i was actually trying to not make a big deal about it with so that you, "the employee" could stay out of trouble. you might want to know who people are before talking about them and calling them "b's". she's only 20. i'm clearly older than her - by a lot - lol. who opens their mouth when they don't know who people are? crazy. oh, and she's not on the schedule anymore after this week. but that was before - it had nothing to do with me. but she doesn't necessarily know that.i have to say for every bad story i have, i have at least one good one. wether it be an awesome customer or a fun moment with a coworker this is one of my favorites. i'm currently running a register for the store when a guy comes up from the back with a large 60" tv and a coworker. **coworker:** can you help ring this guy out? the registers in electronics went down. **customer:** how is it that the electronics area at these stores always have technical problems with their registers? **me:** hahaha, trust me if i knew i probably wouldn't behind the registers. as we go through the process of ringing up the customer, the tv is placed behind the register and out of sight so i can scan it. **customer:** oh wait... the customer grabs a soda from the fridge at the register and scans it just as another customer walks up. **me:** okay, that will be 602 dollars. **customer 2:** what!?!? me and the customer look up and noticed the look on the woman's face as the first customer gets out his credit card. **customer 1:** (without missing a beat) yeah. the price of soda shot through the roof last night. the stuff is like liquid gold now. he frowned a bit as he slid his card. **me:** thank you, sir. (i slide the tv out) and here is your free tv for purchasing that soda. the 2nd customer realizes what was going on and starts laughing. **customer 2:** i was gonna say! we all start laughing. tl;dr: wise cracking cashier and customer fool a 2nd customer into thinking a soda was $600.so, i was stocking dog biscuits at the pet retailer where i worked for three years. an elderly woman and her daughter approached and i greeted them and asked if i could help with anything. they declined so i went back to stocking the dog biscuits. out of no where, the elderly woman reached across me to grab a bag of treats from a higher-up shelf. as she brought the treats down from the shelf she brought her elbow straight into my face. now. she didn't hit me hard enough to do any real damage but an elbow to the face will cause anyone to react right? i mean. i kind of teared up, and the woman's daughter kind of spazzed out. "mom!" she said. "you should apologize." the old woman's response? "but why? she works here." so yesterday i was called to the managers office, and told that i had a customer complaint that they needed to go over with me. needless to say i was with the manager for about an hour on this, but i will not give you a play by play recap. i will just do a quick run through. the customer called, and complained because of the fact that i rang her up too quickly. my department tends to be pretty busy customer wise, and i have a lot of regulars too. well apparently it turns out that the complaint i got made the store manager dig into my records a bit. which when i was told this made me think i might of screwed something up big time. well after a little bit of talking about averages in our department he told me that a single cashier does not get the customer numbers i do, and then he called in my supervisor. the supervisor then said your in for it now, and gave a small laugh. the manager said he had gone through the transaction reports on my numbers, and that roughly a quarter of total store sales went through my register this year alone, and that he had called our district manager on the matter. the district manager has also looked over the information, and approved a small bonus for you, and starting next month you will become the store training supervisor. your going to be train our newer cashiers on the registers, and they will be helping you in your department for training. you will have a little more of a work load, but it is a higher pay grade for you, and looks at my supervisor, and said since that would be on par with your pay level your going to be raised a level also. so the details of my new position is one week a month i will be training new cashiers up front, and showing them the ropes. i will be involved in hiring of new cashiers also. i also now have to deal with schedules for the new cashiers for my week i get them, and i have been given access to the system for this stuff which luckily my terminal in my department can do. so wish me luck everyone. edit/update. got paperwork done. my bonus will be on my next check 1,200 bucks. thanks everyone for the support. sorry i know my grammar is horrible, but also usually only on here for 10 minutes if that on here. i start vacation tuesday my first day as trainer starts when i return. wish me luck. i work at a grocery store, and yesterday i had the pleasure of babysitting the customers who decided to try their luck at self-checkout. about half way through my shift, we were pretty slow. we had about 11 registers open, not including the four self-checkout registers, and not many customers. this woman walks up to one of the self-checkout registers and begins to scan her items. a couple items in, she looks at me and gives me the "come here" motion with her finger. as i am walking towards her, i begin the question, "yes, ma'am?" only to be interrupted by a coupon being shoved into my face and the rude lady (rl for the rest of the story) saying "put this in for me." the conversation goes as follows: &gt;me: you want me to put the coupon in for you? &gt;rl: i don't know how to do this. i am not a checker! (she says this while waving the coupon about two inches from my face with each word. she then shoves the coupon into my hand when she is done.) &gt;me: when you're done scanning your items, hit the "pay now" button and it will tell you how to scan your coupons. (i say this as i toss the coupon back onto her register) so she continues scanning her items, throwing things that she no longer wants into the candy bin behind her. as i am retrieving some of these misplaced items, she stops coworker (cw) who is walking by to help her ring up some avocados. &gt;rl: help we with these avocados, i don't know how to work this. &gt;cw: oh, this is how you do it... (he proceeds to type in the code for her and explains how she could do it herself for future reference). &gt;rl: god, i better get put onto the payroll when i'm finished here! lady, you're the one who decided to go through self-checkout.